They then wax down a ski in the kitchen while continuing to move around.
A dog in socks walks slowly out onto the floor as a lady films him.
A little boy holding a yellow ball walks by.
The child walks into the bedroom area and continues to mop the floor.
Then one man stands in a field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it.
He then bends down and grabs a ball.
The ball is thrown back and he its it again.
After,everyone is pictured lying down on the ground as if they are dead but one person begins to sit up but gets hit in the head by the ball and lays back down.
A woman wearing overalls is talking to the camera.
A girl is seen climbing across a set of monkey bars followed by her waving to the camera.
She climbs her way back on the bars and jumps down mid way through.
A playroom is seen followed by a young boy sliding down a slide and climbing back up again.
A man and woman are sitting on red couches with sports jerseys hanging on the wall and a blue screen on the wall behind them in the middle of them.
The man then shares a beer with other people around him.
The girls have about six sand castles and a large circle surrounding it filled with water.
the leaves continue to be shown blowing around as well as a machine sitting off in the distance.
They are stepping up and down on small stepping stools.
The video includes numerous clips of players in lacrosse games, hitting the ball toward opposing goals.
The man continues riding around followed by performing several ways to turn the canoe around.
The man spins while sliding across a platform in the sumo suit.
A little boy is laying on an exercise ball.
He retrieves it and continues to sit on and fall off the ball.
The woman buckles her shoes.
The person shows the fingering on the third octave.
The screen shows the title of preparing a Chilean Hulte salad dish.
Rachel Collin's trip to Chile.
There are several people standing under a canopy at a food market.
The chef is slicing the hulte in circular bite size pieces.
Then the chef places the ingredients in a salad bowl.
The finished product is shown on screen, followed by a group of people sitting together and enjoying the salad.
Hiphop dancers perform in front of a crowd.
A murky river is shown next to a row of trees.
Then we see rapid waters as the tubers go over small falls.
They lift one of the girls up for a stunt.
The camera pans above lush and green terrain over what looks like a mountain range.
He rotates and flips and performs all sorts of acrobatics.
The men continue performing their stuns in various other landscapes.
They strain the juice and pour it into a jar.
They put a straw and a lime wedge on the rim of the glass.
A dealer is shown laying out cards on a table while other people's hands are shown on the side.
He is then shown speaking into the camera and going into detail with regards to the products features.
He speaks some more and shows his harmonica again as the video goes to an end title screen that reads Howcast original".
A runner tests a prosthetic leg in a long distance run.
A small group of people are seen wandering around a tennis court hitting a ball over the net.
A young girl introduces the video and explains what she will be doing to wood.
She places a piece of bubblewrap and makes sure it covers around about half of the wood.
Athletes throw a javelin during a competition.
A man practices his throwing stance walking and doing half throws without javeline.
We see a person sharpen a knife on a sanding disc.
We see the man talking to the camera.
A group of woman walk on front people exercising.
A man and woman are seated on a porch.
A person walks on the roof of a climbing equipment, then he goes down the wall and reach the floor and walk forward.
A large group of people are seen sitting around an auditorium with one man flying kites around in the middle.
One man is then shown and he bends down and shows the proper way to lift the bar with weight on it.
A man is seen kneeling in a gym.
He leans forward several times.
A person is using a leaf blower to blow leaves into a pile.
They walk in front of a tree.
A group of people are sitting down at the top of a snow slide in a tube.
People are shown walking along a beach.
The people shoot at each other, hiding behind the obstacles.
A young man is shown in a gym performing tricks with a jump rope as music plays in the background.
The young man gets up again and does more tricks while standing.
Next,the truck is opened,and the person removes the spare tire and the jack.
He then lifts the car and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car.
We see a colorful opening scene.
Kids in colorful clothes walk on a stage and get in place.
The girl second from left goes the wrong direction and almost runs into another girl.
We see an an ending screen.
The woman placed the violin between her neck and shoulder and began strumming the violin with the stick.
A hair stylist continuously combs and cuts the man's hair.
The man is seen posing.
The routine begins in a manikin challenge and they all begin to do a flip.
Once the stunts are done,half of the team begins doing cart wheels and they all meet back in the middle to do stunts in the air.
She is holding a baton and twirling it in her hands.
A large group of people are seen standing around when several clips are shown of a man attempting to jump over a bar.
Then she takes a nail file and files the ends of the nails to smooth it.
A cook is standing in front of a large stove.
The crowd watches others riding waves.
Music and producer credits are then shown.
The man participates in a lacrosse match with the camera recording in first person perspective.
The man walks towards a group of people dressed in black.
He moves his legs up and his arms continuously following until he finishes the performance.
He is joined by a woman on a bass drum.
Lights flash as they perform in unison.
Several people around her are watches and can't help but laugh.
The woman is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab.
A man is talking to the camera from a parking lot.
Once a small portion is shown,he looks at the plant and then cuts off the item in his hand.
A girl is seen talking to the camera with her hand on her hip and leads into her holding up various ingredients.
She then presents the plate while speaking to the camera and holding up various liquids.
Suddenly, a boy stands an surf below the wave.
The boy jumps and catches the doll and slams it between his legs on the trampoline.
The boy misses trying to catch the doll and falls on the trampoline.
Several shots are shown of a kitchen as well as people riding on the boat and still continue to speak to the camera.
The name of the business is shown.
A person is running scissor through a braid.
A person is putting braids with rods into water.
The woman enters an open workshop area.
Logs are stacked upright on a chopping block.
He wakes up in his dorm and then click on his ipad to start a beer pong championship.
A young lady with a grey jacket on is standing in front of a sink lathering her hands.
A girl with several facial piercings his seen rubbing lotion all over her face and powdering her cheeks and face.
Then, a skateboarder opens his arms and signal others to advance.
Then, the skateboarders pass on front spectators watching on side the road.
People take picture to the skateboarders.
The man continues climbing until he reaches the top.
A woman is standing by a toilet in a bikini.
the man is using the pipe to light up the woodfire.
The man then begins throwing the toys while the dog chases after them.
Several shots of wrestlers are shown.
They all are doing flips off the corner.
An unseen person demonstrates how to remove and install a tire valve on a tire using a special tool.
A pair of hands is seen yielding a metal tool over a yellow walled tire lying on a flat surface.
The hand uses the metal curved tool to pluck the old tire valve out of its hole.
The are paddling and looking at the trees in the distance enjoying their day.
The person then files the nails of the cat and zooms in on the cat's belly in the end.
A God walks a poodle.
A cowboy walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon.
He continues sharpening the knife, turn it again to further sharpen the other side and wipe it again with paper towel.
Throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife.
The camera shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together.
First she fills her shaker up halfway with ice and then she adds vodka and Chambord and she puts one ounce of both of them and then she adds a little bit of pineapple juice and cranberry juice.
Next she shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
The camera pans around the bucket and the woman continues using the mop inside the bucket and moving around the object.
A man is seen kneeling on the floor swinging his arms back and fourth.
A girl wraps the rope around her saddle while others practice on placed saddles.
People ride around the saddles and show various caddie and how to ride them.
A man swings his leg in the air creating letters and we see an opening screen.
A man does a handstand move.
They wear braces  so they make sure to scrub all around very well.
You can see the tongue moving around never really being comfortable inside of the mouth.
A person sprays a sink and wipes it with a towel.
Several spectators are gathered in the arcade along with a panel of judges.
A person throws a Frisbee for her dog for a dog to retrieve during an event on a sporting field.
There is another woman doing long jump from another country.
Several other contestant are participating in the same long jump competition.
In the beginning the man is shown tricking the bull.
The man bends down to grab more plaster.
There is a man nodding in the first frame.
He then unscrews a light switch and pulls it out just a little, making some slits in the fabric or paper, then putting the light switch back over the new wall paper.
A class of kids are at outside at school dressed in uniforms with their teacher standing next to them.
As they are in line,one girl is in the middle of a game of hop scotch,turns around,finishes and gets back in line.
A guy touches the back of the individual as he lifts his body.
The guy seems like he falls backs while trying to lift his body because the clip is reversed.
A large group of cheerleaders are seen running into an arena cheering and beginning performing a routine with one another.
Two kids are climbing a rock wall.
A girl is playing hopscotch on a sidewalk.
Another girl throws a puck onto the sidewalk and starts to play hopscotch.
The man shovels the snow on a roof while the cameraman talks.
The man stops scooping the snow.
A guy stands next to horses with a clipboard.
People go horseback riding down a trail.
The teams line up and shake hands.
A woman in a blue coat is talking to the camera.
We see a man raise his arms and prepare to mount the pommel horse.
The man spins around on the pommel horse.
Several people are playing in a public swimming pool.
They hit the ball back and forth, trying to keep it from each other.
The same goal is shown several more times from different angles.
A large group of people are seen swimming around a pool while a coach yells on the sides.
There is a dog on the floor behind him.
A girl in all black with a baton practicing her moves and dances inside of the studio.
Her coach does an interview while sitting down with her hands held together.
The girl continues to practice by herself in the studio.
A guy locks his arms around bars above his head.
There's a large team of participants getting ready to do engage in a water tubing activity.
They walk down a hilly terrain to the river.
They all begin their journey down the rapids as the water starts getting more turbulent.
Then they all arrive at banks of the river where the water is calm and steady flowing.
Another man takes a leap from the top of mountain in an attempt to bungee jump from that height.
Winter scenes with vehicles and heavy snow are shown.
More scenes from a winter storm are shown.
A car drives away from the camera.
A woman is shown with a paintbrush and a piece of canvas.
She uses green paint to fill in a drawing of a plant.
A close up of a sign is seen followed by a young couple looking to the camera.
The coupe hold on and then jump off the side while the others stand and watch.
He is a blue belt being judged for his skills.
A woman with blonde hair,a purple jacket and black gloves on is standing near a stable talking.
As she continues talking,her saddle is shown and she begins talking about the specifics of it.
The lady then puts it on the horse and begins rubbing certain parts of it to make sure it is secure.
He finally blows smoke rings out of his mouth.
He places her hair is rollers, then takes them down and styles it.
Many people are seen riding canoes and a person's feet and legs are shown.
The boy stands up next to his fire.
They kick and punch back and forth.
The man begins at a profile view holding a paddle while sitting in a canoe and talking to a camera occasionally pointing to a nearby shore with the paddle.
The man then uses the paddle in the water to push the canoe off deeper into the water.
A young girl with a pool cue walks to a pool table, the camera focuses on her low cut top.
Several women play pool at the table in revealing clothing.
A young girl is seen standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
Several men are playing soccer in a gym.
Another group of men are playing soccer.
Various scenes of soccer matches are shown with spectators.
A woman is seen sitting down holding an ice cream while looking at the camera.
She continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
He is seen playing again while more people walk in and out of frame with children and dogs.
She repeats the steps going back and forth as she twirls her hips.
A man is seen standing behind a large animal holding a razor and speaking to the camera.
A man wearing white starts painting the fence.
A person in blue pants is raking some fallen leaves from the ground.
There is a black dog and a white dog jumping around the person raking the leaves.
Both the dogs are playing around the man raking the leaves, trying to bite the rake.
The person is moving the rake in circles as the dogs are jumping around him.
A person is seen sitting in a chair and leads into her peeling a potato with a knife.
A person is seen cutting up various fruits while also seen speaking to the camera.
A person's hand washes a grey cat in a white tub of water.
A hand with a tattoo appears and wipes the cat's back with a red cloth.
The hand, finally, lets the red cloth fall into the water as the hand holds itself up to the cat's nose.
A girl is standing with her back turned on a court.
A close up of a flame is shown followed by audience members standing up and athletes standing ready.
Hitler then watches a man jump into a pit as well as several other runners after him.
A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth.
Then a little girl ballerina comes and bumps into the woman.
The woman breaks into a dance every time the little girl ballerina taps her.
A woman is seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums and playing along while speaking to the camera.
We then see numerous images of her with her hair cut off to shoulder length.
These are all pretty experienced people on the boards, they are even boarding through water and having a good time.
a lot of different lifts are stacked in the gym.
A person is seen running along the road wearing equipment and speaking to the camera.
A man talks about a bow he is using in front of an open field.
The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups, setting them back on the counter.
The man picks up the mixer and pours its contents into the empty glass before setting it back down.
An unseen person navigates several Amazon dot com pages on exercise equipment.
She hits the pinata, then walks away.
A woman in a pink shirt is riding a cycle bike.
a man is seated, talking to a talk show host.
He takes the hose out of his mouth and start to exhale forming O's in the air.
The man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside.
The man adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire.
They both finish almost at the same time and solve the Rubic's cube.
Maria is demonstrating how to make a Nyquil cocktail drink.
She points to vodka, jagermeister and food coloring.
She then takes a shaker and pours and vodka and the jagermeister.
Then adds some ice in it and shakes it.
He pumps out a small amount gel on his hands.
Then shows the difference between regular foam cream and gel shaving cream and continues having.
He then poses with a lady model who touches his face to feel his smooth skin.
An introduction for a canoe sporting brand appears on the screen.
Several other people get off of a bus and head toward the water.
People are then shown doing several canoe an skiing training exercises.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The person puts his fingers together.
A woman holds a yellow ball behind her neck.
People run to measure the distance.
He turns around and launches the ball on the field.
People run to measure the distance of it.
She also turns around and launches the ball onto the field.
The results then flash on the screen.
A man is seen standing on stage holding an instruments in his hands.
A large intertube is shown on the screen.
A bunch of sledders get on the tubes.
They ride them down a steep hill together.
A female news reporter speaks to a fitness instructor inside a gym, where cyclists are riding fitness bikes.
Exercises such as yoga and bicycling are demonstrated by those in the gym.
The female news reporter continues talking to the fitness instructor.
She climbs all the way to the end and jumps off the side.
A close up of a gear shaft is seen following by someone opening a trunk and pulling a tire out.
The video then shows several bowlers doing bowling tricks at a bowling alley.
A credit comes onto the screen introducing the grad finale trick.
A man throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well.
The closing credits then com onto the screen to end the video.
A small child paints another individual's fingernails.
The other individual examines the nails.
A man mounts a beam in front of a crowd.
In the final moments of the clip a ball flies across the table and the men react in a triumphant way throwing their arms in the air in celebration.
A group of young men poses and goofs around in front of a table full of red cups.
The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him.
A game of volleyball is being played between blue and yellow team.
A player on the yellow team falls and the players on each team assist her.
They take her shoe and sock off and massage her leg.
Two people proceed to pick her up with the help of a third and take her off the court and lay her down to the side to continue care.
Two people are talking to each other behind him.
One man bows to the other and the winner walks away from the stage.
A person holding a camera is standing to the side watching the man on rollerblades.
There's a man coming out of his garage with an electrical leaf blower.
He walks around his yard with the blower as he cleans the leaves.
A scuba diver holds onto a rock as he throws a peace sign in the air.
We see the whole arena and the man playing close.
A person is seen swimming the depths of a pool floor.
A set of instruction is seen with diagrams.
The bike chain is fastened back together on the bike gears using a specialized tool.
There are several spectators watching the event.
The stunt is finished and the retreat back to their original position and begin doing cartwheels and other tricks and stunts along with their mascot.
The boy wins and the crowd cheers.
Several men pick up the boy in celebration.
The man rafts downstream while paddling.
She does a final back flip and a front flip and then, gets off the horse bar.
The spectators cheer for her as she walks away.
A close up of a hand is seen that pans out to a man putting gloves on.
The men are giving interview, talking to the camera, while one man is talking the other man is listening, then vice versa.
The man went to the basket dribble to the ball, the men ran to the basket and shot the ball.
A man in gray shirt and cap is sitting next to a boat motor, while behind him is a woman riding a surfboard, and holding a harness attached to the boat.
We see a lady putting sunscreen on in a bathroom and on the beach.
We see a GoPro opening screen.
We see people riding rafts in the river.
The cameraman goes under a branch that is across the water.
The people crowd around the bull waving sticks and follow the bull around as he gets angry.
Another bull is shown and the two fight while the people stand and cheer on the sides.
Other rooms of the house are seen in different stages of completeness.
The two continue to play with the man laughing at the camera and him giving her a kiss in the end.
A man picks up a ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field.
Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field.
People measure the distance on the field.
When the pictures and video clips of the interview and race are over, the newscaster is speaking alone back at the news station.
An intro leads into a camera following around a lacrosse match and pausing to show off players movements.
The men are jumped one by one on the sandy ground while a man and woman are holding a rake and smoothen the ground.
There is a white bucket in front of him of bark that he puts around the tree.
Two girls are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs.
Several bottles of different colored alcohols are shown.
The video continues to show people falling again and again.
At the end, credits are shown as to who filmed and starred in the video.
A person is shown outside brushing snow off of a car with lights on.
A black screen with a white title appears.
He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present.
A person is seen bending forward on a gymnastics beam while moving his hands up to keep balance.
The man then attempts a flip but lands on his stomach and falls off, walking away in pain and his jump shown again in slow motion.
A man in a black hat is next to the horse.
A ballerina is shown in class warming up her feet and walking away crying.
Various items are shown on a floor and leads into a woman holding up the products and speaking to the camera.
She then takes a rag and runs over the boot with the polish in small circles.
Scenes of summer beach goers are shown in a news report context.
A man is shown walking near a boat with dogs.
The man is shown near a grill.
A quick cut of a the item from before is shown up close.
More close up scenes of the item are shown.
Still images and video of skin damage are shown.
The man talks in an indoor environment.
A still screen of text is shown.
A man is riding on a horse and flies off.
A man gets hit by a rope while chasing a calf.
A woman is seen shaving down the fur of a dog while the camera shows many dogs sitting in crates.
A little girl is shown playing table tennis, hitting the ball extremely quickly back and forth over the net.
The man flips and dismounts.
A bunch of females are shown playing a water polo match in an indoor pool.
He grabs an ax sitting on the dirt.
One man without glasses is bending on the side to with his weight.
The man with glass put down the other man's hand and won.
The girl lands on floor perfectly with a big smile.
He continues pushing the leaves around the area and moving up and down the lawn.
A man introduces the topic of the video, which is how to do a smash shot in Badminton.
A male gymnast in a blue outfit applies chalk dust to his hands.
Hockey players walk out onto the ice, greeting each other.
They play the game, trying to get the puck past their opponents into the goal.
An athletic woman is stretching with a ball and swinging her legs back and fourth.
She spins around throwing the ball yet again with a third throw followed shortly after.
A piece of wood is used to put out the fire.
Then, the woman dry the hair with a dryer and brush the head.
A teenage girl brushes her hair.
An athlete prepares to perform long jump in a stadium full of people, then a white male runs and jumps high to land in the sand.
A black male jumps high happy a runs celebrating his triumph.
A screen appears with instructions how to attach an InStep bike trailer.
Two toddlers are sitting in a bike trailer, while the man attach the safety belts.
A man is playing soccer with another across a field.
He performs a quick turn around move with the other following close behind.
Two more tricks are demonstrated by the duo and finally showed at a slowed down pace.
A Dj is shown playing music as well as people dancing around and surfers surfing.
We see a bunch of people jump into the water.
The man continues brushing the snow off of the car.
The girl finishes the song and lowers the flute.
We see the bleacher an spectators.
A point is scored and see people clapping and a replay and a title screen.
Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers.
The two people climb slowly up the wall, when over midway up, the person on the left falls from the wall and into the water below.
An audience watching pans out into a large track and athletes running into a pit.
He checks the current pressure for the tire and begins pumping air into the tire.
He shows the difference between good tread and bad tread as well as when to know when to replace your tires.
We see the lady doing her hair.
The lady sections her hair and adds product.
A close up is seen of a metal double sink.
There is a person dressed in a black shirt seated near the players.
The player in blue cheers loudly after his winning point and breaks into a dance.
He then goes back to the table tennis table.
A close up of booklets are shown with a person flipping them open and reading.
She gets it to her stomach, then pulls.
As the camera walks, it was showing the well maintained hedges, at the center of two hedges is a narrow path leading to a wider field surrounded by more hedges.
Five products are aligned on a table,illustrating the products needed to shave.
A young white male walks into the bathroom,turns on the water and begins to rub his beard.
Next comes the brush and he adds some white cream to it to lather up his hair.
A man sits down in front of a bed.
More shots are shown of people celebrating and the athlete runs into the stands.
There is a close up of the items on the table in front of them.
A blindfolded man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides.
A woman is standing on a tennis court talking.
A woman appears, removing tiles from a box and talking about them.
A man rolls a pressure roller over the finished floor before the woman returns, speaking about the finished product.
A girl is giving a small dog a bath.
A white intro screen appears with a red,white and black art swirl on the left side red and black words on the right that say "England Squash&Racketball" and the website in black at the bottom.
people are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
woman walks in a airport eating a restaurant.
A girl is seating in front of a table, playing an accordian.
A lady pulls and fixes her outfit.
More pictures are shown of trucks parked as well as logos.
The man puts grease on the paddles and installs them before airing the tires.
kid is swinging on a playground.
woman runs to the swings and sits.
He stands up and continues playing it.
A closeup of a bag of cement mix is shown.
A woman waves her hand and acknowledges her hair and face as she continues to talk.
He is holding a lacrosse stick in his hands as he explains the techniques of the game.
A large group of people are at a carnival playing in their own bumper cars and a few of them bump into one another and come to a stop.
They laugh and begin to pull their bumper cars away from one another.
The people start driving around again where they all continue to either bump into one another or just drive around.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into the news interviewing a man.
A young child is seen riding a skateboard down a road following a group of older boys.
He fist bumps the camera man and more shots are shown of him riding around.
She finishes by tying up her shoe laces and laughing to herself and the person filming her.
We see a man holding a child water skiing.
She stands in front of the building doing a several little dances and continues this in front of several buildings and locations.
A man is smiling at the camera.
He starts punching a punching bag.
A circle is formed of several children who are talking and banging each other in the head with foam mallets.
The weather is pouring rain and the man continues to dance around the car holding a rag.
The two people grab each other's necks and try to knock their opponent down to the ground.
He shows a bowl filled with citrus fruits.
He finally adds a bowl full of water and stirs it well.
The girl then hits the ball all around the yard while the camera follows.
People handles bulls in a rodeo ring, a man is throw to the air by a bull.
People are throw by bulls to the ground while jumping and kicking with the back legs while people watch the rodeo.
Two very large sumos are in an elevated circle doing leg warm ups and squatting while another man in the middle dressed in Japanese garb referees.
Finally one of the men is able to push another man out of the ring,they stop wrestling, the loser walks to his end and they bow to one another and both leave the ring.
She starts wiping the floor with a towel.
She is laying on a chair getting her foot tattooed.
Men pull a rope in a game of tug of war.
A lady bends down to take a photo and a lady walks and films the even.
The man with the mallet and the man with the red hat run back and forth.
The lady shows off her painted nails.
The lady raises her foot and shows off her sock.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Two people are seen doing a ballet dance on stage followed by a woman doing a dance while others watch on the side.
A black dog walks on a lawn.
A white ball rolls to a parked car.
A woman is seen kneeling into frame next to a patio set.
She then shows off various cleaning tools an rubs them along a chair.
She uses her fingers to smear the lipstick evenly on her cheek bones.
A teen tosses a rake full of leaves at the toddler.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera that leads into clips of people riding in kayaks and camels wandering around.
a woman with pink hair is posing for the camera.
She then braids the hair down the side of her head.
First the girl walks to the front of the classroom as she holds her clarinet and the man who plays the piano gets up from his seat to play the piano.
The rabbit is cleaning its hands by licking it.
Two young Asian men stand up with their bow and arrows and they each take turns at shooting at their bulls eye target while the crowd cheers them on after each shot is made, and occasionally 3 suited people are shown making commentaries.
Two teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court, the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition.
When he's done tattooing her he holds up a white bottle with a green cap and talks to her while showing it and white words appear on the screen giving a warning that "Applying too much topical anesthetic and then covering the tattoo can cause seizures".
The person uses a brush to clean his shoes thorougly.
The girl puts her arms up and then dives into the pool.
She's seen again coming to the surface in the pool and swimming over to the edge.
He steps onto the beam as she dismounts, arms in the air.
Two men do maneuvers on a canoe pivoting the canoe helping with the paddlers.
We see a man in BMX bike arena talking.
We then see people riding bikes.
We see a man wipe dirt from his hair and turn off the camera.
He finishes the painting and the camera pans around the furniture.
A large group of people are seen playing around a gymnasium throwing balls at one another and bouncing around.
They walk out into the parking lot as another man comes outside.
A girl holds up a brush and walks up to the horse.
The girl brushes of the coat of the horse in a stable.
The girl removes the ankle braces from the horse.
A horse sticks his head out from a stable and a man watches.
The different throws show different block types.
As he skis,more men appear before he reappears by himself.
Once alone,the man skis rapidly down the slopes and does spins and kneels as he skis.
A man and a woman are sitting in two separate floating donuts, the man in the blue, the woman in the green, and both are smiling then the man raises his left arm to wave.
A group of people are also on different colored floating donuts, playing, falling in the water and having a good time.
A gymnast wearing a blue outfit climes onto the a balance beam and performs a hand stand with a split in a competition in front of a huge American flag.
The gymnast proceeds on the balance beam and performs a front somersault and then three consecutive backward somersaults in a row.
The gymnast continues with her performance on the parallel bar with spin moves, jump moves and dance moves.
They spin and kick, never actually hitting each other.
We see several fish and a shark.
The scuba divers dive, looking at the fish and waving at the camera.
A boy enters the scene and pulls on a pair of gloves while wearing a sports protective mask, turns on a blue machine on the back steps and picks up a solder.
The cricket team of Sri Lanka is playing against another country.
The match goes on full swing as the batsmen score four runs.
The camera pans over the ball followed by several more shots of the man playing.
A boy jumped in a platform with his skateboard and slipped and fell.
A boy on a team throws a basketball at other team members.
Others join in, some falling as they are hit with the ball.
The person turns around walks out of view.
a lot of desserts are in a sliding belt in a counter.
a sunset in a beach and in a lake is shown.
They keep hitting the ball against the wall and chasing the ball around.
One pauses and hits the ball on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play.
A woman talks to the camera while bathing a baby in the bathtub.
The woman demonstrates a small scrubbing pad to the camera.
A man in a blue shirt claps.
Several people at an indoor pool jump off of a diving board into the pool water below exhibiting a mix of advanced diving techniques and diving technique mishaps.
People are riding bicycles around a dirt track.
The  drummers are performing as they walk.
A woman wearing light blue tank top and black shorts is exercising on an elliptical.
She continues walking on the elliptical as she moves her hands forward and backwards.
She walks away holding the bottle in her hand.
The man adds ice to a martin glass and a tall glass.
The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw.
He makes a turn and starts working through the grass, going in circles until he reaches the center of the lawn.
He goes back through one more time making sure that he didn't miss any spots, and gets off his lawn mower to turn the camera off.
He waves his arms, trying to keep his balance.
A group of people are outside playing a game of croquet in the yard.
A person stands up and puts his fist in the air.
One person crashes into another and shows a person speaking to the camera.
More clips are shown of the boats together and logos being shown.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while several people are seen running and drinking water.
There are three women in green and two women dressed in cream colored shirts playing against each other.
A player from the cream team then hits the puck with her stick but is not very successful.
He presses balls of cookie dough onto a pan and bakes them.
She takes it out and continues talking.
Then, the man  stand and talks to people.
A man begins to talk to one of the women as she is playing one of the games.
The game begins to get heated while several of the women laugh and joke around.
A camera pans around a snowy roof and leads into a man pushing snow off of a roof and onto the ground below.
We see an opening title screen.
The barber speaks cut with scenes of a barber shop.
We see the man shaving a man with a straight razor.
We see the ending title screen.
A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear.
A man in blue enters the room.
There are three young men in a house.
He then opens a can of coke and drinks from it.
Then he begins chopping tomatoes and lettuce to make a sandwich.
A person retrieves an instrument from a closet.
The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
Two little girls take pack a suitcase and take a trip to New York City.
The two girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera.
The clip fades to the two girls folding and packing clothes in a suitcase in a bedroom in a house,  The girls pack tutus in a pink suitcase and then cut to them in a horse drawn carriage in the streets of New York,  talking and pointing to landmarks.
The man skates around the street through obstacles and down the street.
A room filled with stuffed and hunted animals displays in a room with many of them mounted on walls.
Two men watch the two buffalos from a distance with weapons mounted aiming to shoot as a camera man stands behind them filming the incident.
One of the men is then shown standing over the dead animal.
A group of walkers walk along the sidewalk near the lake.
A man uses a snow blower on a sidewalk area.
Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera.
The women then starts blowdrying sections of her hair with a comb attached blow dryer.
A man and woman wearing red aprons appear in a kitchen with a white kitchen aid mixer in front of them and a banner on the screen displaying all the ingredients.
The view changes from front to a top angle as the man is mixing the ingredients.
The outro includes a picture of the man and woman standing together, their names, the name of the cake they made, their address and the news station that aired it.
A large man is seen standing and bowing in front of another large man while one holds his hands out inbetween the two men.
After, the woman add liquid to the glass, then pours the it in a black cup.
Two men are doing martial arts with others around them watching.
A man is smoothing a substance on a roof with a trowel.
He moves quickly to smooth out dents.
A brunette extends  purple and red yarn to the woman.
One of the boys puts on a football helmet and stands on the side lines catching the ball.
He runs and skips along the way, jumping high at the end.
The man runs and jumps again.
Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift, and a man tie his shoe.
A man plays the bagpipes on stage while wearing a Scottish skirt.
A woman is on her hands and knees cutting grass with some scissors.
The camera goes back to a close up of the grass and the video ends.
A camera pans around several wooded areas and leads into a boy holding a leaf blower and smiling to the camera.
The man in green trunks spears the other man.
The man in green trunks pins the other man and wins the match.
The piece of the tool breaks off and the man grabs it and shows it to the camera and continues talking, goes off camera, and then shows the camera he has fixed the tool and then moves the camera again.
Finally the video ends and the only thing seen is darkness.
A woman is seen standing ready on a diving board and leads into her holding out her arms and performing an impressive dive.
A man stands in the middle and the people begin pulling the rope from one another.
The video shows two countries represented by blue and green uniforms playing the game of cricket professionally.
The next scene shows a team of cricketers wearing white uniforms getting ready to play as they gather in a circle with their captain.
He looks lonely as he finally comes to a stop.
Another man is sanding a wall and ceiling inside a building.
We see a man at the top of the mountain.
Several more numbers and clips are shown ending with people performing impressive throws.
A boy is chopping wood in a forest.
The boy almost drops the axe.
The boy looks at the camera.
A person is seen walking back to the end of their car and putting their hands on their hips.
The woman falls and fails backwards off a bridge, landing on a truck.
A man in a blue polo speaks to the camera.
The woman does sit ups.
A video is shown how to change a spare tire.
We see a man up close.
The man continues taking off tiles on the roof and gluing others down and ends by smiling to the camera.
The camera pans to two tubers who are waiting to go down themselves.
A boy dressed in a burgundy polo is at a bowling alley and throws the ball high up in the air and it ends up coming back in the other lane.
A man then comes along and spins around on his head and ends up hitting the pins with the balls.
A woman is standing in front of him and flies the kite after.
We see the white title screen.
The bartender puts two cards on the bar.
They push their cards and drink beer, then pull cards and drink beer.
We see the end title screen.
A woman is standing in a messy kitchen in front of the sink preparing to cut something.
A woman is shown hosting a news segment when the camera pans to sunscreen news.
Bottles are shown containing sunscreen and people putting it on.
We see an opening title screen.
A man holds a badminton racket in a gym and talks.
The man turns to the right and shows his back to the camera.
We see the closing title screen.
A man combs his beard in front of a mirror in his bathroom.
the man picks up a bottle of oil from the counter and applies it to his beard.
A boat is pulling a person on skis behind the boat.
He gets on the machine and starts working out.
The woman holds part of the the hair up, then she curves the hair with and hair iron.
The group then plays a game of kickball while moving around the area and throwing balls at one another.
The people continue walking around while looking to one another and throwing the ball.
The boy continues to swim all around the pool with a man swimming behind him and the boy smiling to the camera.
More people join them and they eventually get out of the water and walk back to land.
We see an opening title screen.
A smiling man in sunglasses opens mouthwash and gargles.
We see the ending title screen.
A man rubs the products of a black tube on the boot's sole edge.
A anchorman in a suit sits with a laptop on his clear desk.
People help the man out of the rodeo dirt area.
They stand in front of one drum and perform a routine using only drums.
A person pass behind the teen.
Another athlete runs and jumps long over the sand box.
One of them is playing guitar and two of them are playing the violin.
More shots are shown of people holding up sticks and hitting a ball with another coach near by helping and speaking to the camera.
White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away.
He cleans the shoe with a back and forth motion.
The woman mixes the concoction.
The woman drinks the liquid in a jar.
They return to the overhead angle of the game while the lady prepares to shoot.
The people are shown playing the drums using wooden drumsticks.
She is throwing darts at a board.
She jumps up and down gracefully and then falls for a bit of a point deduction.
A group of swimmers are getting ready to perform.
A girl dives off the diving board and people cheer.
Different people begin hitting the balls and the instructor goes over to help them.
The audience claps for the performers.
Two referees runs about and down the field with the players.
Other players watch from the sideline near a fence.
She hits the yellow ball but it does not move very far at all.
When she finally hits it again it does not go through the course like she was expecting so she is disappointed.
Two men laugh and bow there heads watching work get done.
A man uses the cue to shoot the balls into the pockets.
Two men are fighting inside a wrestling ring.
One of the wrestlers pins the other, and the count goes to three.
The next person also leans back but can't fully fall into the water because they're stuck to something on the boat, so their legs go flailing.
The kid flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth.
She then uses a spoon to drink the water as well as a straw and nodding her head waving.
A group of female gymnasts form a cluster, then lift a girl over their heads.
Various shots of scenery are shown and leads to a person scratching a dog and pulling a rope.
A girl gets hit with the ball.
We see the lady mopping.
Then we see the ease of using the attachment.
We see the attachment product again.
A person is shown drawing several lines on a piece of paper that leads into several fast motion clips of snowy areas.
A black bull is taunted with a dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy.
The black bull lunges at another dummy and the dummy get caught on the bulls horn as the bull runs off after other taunting targets.
A young girl is seen sitting front of a piano and playing the instrument with her finger tips.
We also several several boys posing before playing a game of foosball.
A woman holding a dog is standing on a dock.
A person moves poker cards and tokens on the table in a casino on front people.
Then, the person stacks all the cards and puts the tokens inside the squares.
He shakes the drink together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses.
Finally he puts another liquor into the glasses.
People are seen walking around a gymnasium and leads into one standing in between bars.
A woman wearing sweat gear and seen trying obtain a light with a lighter.
A blonde woman in a green sweater is talking.
Several men are pictured outside in their kayaking uniforms ready to start rafting.
A person washes and peels a potato.
The person then dices the potato.
The girl pauses and counts.
Two people are seen playing a set of bongo drums while singing and looking to the camera.
The men continuously play and end by stopping and smiling at one another.
There's a woman with short brown hair doing  makeup tutorial.
A man is seen holding a small child while looking and smiling to the camera.
A girl is on a low beam, preparing to flip.
She flips forward, then turns backward with her arms outstretched.
A girl walk in the room front the right doorway and sits down at the table.
We see the man mowing the lawn with a smoking mower.
We see the boy start the lawn mower again.
A man plays bongos in an animated fashion while a woman next to him plays the keyboard and a man behind him plays guitar.
Al's begins his skiing tips with an iron and a sponge.
The person begins to run down the track while still holding the pole.
The man then jumps over a beam and onto a mat.
A woman behind a bar explaining how to make a drink.
A girl pours water onto the dog out of a cup.
She dries the dog off with a towel.
A woman wearing pajamas is talking and standing on a star decorated stage.
A group of people start to dig a structure close to the shore.
Finally in the tide moves up and starts to destroy the structure that was created.
A man leads another with a horse around a field while a dog runs around behind him.
A man is shown talking to the camera and leads into an athletic girl swinging around on uneven bars.
He moves his hand up and down to smoke and blow the smoke out.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a knife in his hands and begins sharpening the knife along a board.
But after a few minutes of her lifting her feet off of the ground, she takes them off without using her hands.
The men showcase some mishaps in which they fall after the stunt, but then perform more stunts successfully.
She jumps onto a beam and begins performing various flips and tricks.
The girl jumps all around the beam and ends by jumping down and raising her arms up and smiling to the camera.
A woman enters a kitchen, talks to the camera and begins to cut and juice lemons.
The referee is standing next to the contestants as they continue to pull the rope harder.
A person serves an ice cream with a stick to a man, the cone falls to the floor.
A guy works on a roof.
A guy removes nails and pieces of the roof.
He flips the omelette gently onto a plate for serving.
A white cat is sleeping on terra cotta tiles.
A woman takes the cats paws, clipping them gently with a clipper until they are finished.
A large group of people are seen standing on a field playing a volleyball game with one another.
A man kneels down on a blue mat and raises a bar above his head.
He stands up and walks off.
The woman looks up at the camera.
Several athletes stand in the arena.
A boy in young boy drives a small tractor lawn mower around the yard of a house maneuvering around obstacles.
A runner is crawling across a finish line while other runners are running through the finish line.
The final attempt is not ever achieved.
Two men are shown performing an arm wrestling match with many watching on the sidelines and a ref calling who the winner is.
A woman grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table.
A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym.
The spin class is shown again still in progress.
She points to her abdomen, then lays on a bench.
More people are seen speaking to the camera as they continue running around and women speaking to the camera.
The individual sets aside the shovel and walks towards the camera.
He is talking to the camera about skiing.
He is then seen going through the air, and down steep slopes as he skis.
She gets up in front of a room of family members.
She jumps forward on each square, then turns and goes the other way.
A person is water boarding on a body of water.
A male leaps from the rocks into the waters.
An individual back flips off a boat.
A female stands on waterboard that is on grass.
A person is then seen riding a surfboard through various shots in the camera.
She talks to the baby as she brushes, and the baby watches her intently.
He drops then lifts her again.
We see the vast ocean water around us.
We see the ending screen.
A person is seen moving along a large court followed by other people moving around beside him.
Several people are seen running up and down the court while others watch on the side.
A man talks and then walks in the street until to arrive to an ice cream shop.
A woman shows a chocolate and vanilla ice cream cones, and a girl likes an ice cream.
It stretches very long distances, with people using boats and rafts in the water.
One group of people are seen swimming while hundreds of people cheer and many people look to the camera and smile.
In the end the camels are seen wandering around one another and a picture of everyone standing together.
He places a speed control tool on the handlebar of the bike.
A person is seen riding around on a horse over jumps in slow motion while others watch.
Several more clips are shown of people riding around on horses as well as pictures inbetween and more close ups of horses.
A man is shown receiving a hair cut and styling in sped up time.
A person on a skateboard moves over and ramp and up on a corner.
The man sharpens his knives using an electric tool.
The riders start and already many fall during the first big jump.
Various highlights are shown of the riders attempting the large jumps.
A person is using a vacuum attachment to vacuum the wood floor.
The person vacuums the back of a cat laying nearby.
There is a worker who is walking with them in circles walking the camel with a rope as they ride.
They go around quite a few times again and again in a circle around a small gated area.
We see a sign for the 2004 event.
We see a sign for the 2005 event.
A close up of a blue hookah is shown bottom to top.
Tobacco is packed into the bowl, then covered with tin foil and punctured with a toothpick.
The man adds more sugar to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit.
The man opens a box full of stone and lays down some plaster on a wall.
He dries and sprays the hair into a spikey look.
two men are sitting on round tables talking in microphones.
men are playing ping pong in themiddle of stadium while a lot of people are gathered around.
A woman braids her hair in several braids.
She ties them behind her head.
They stack up the potato slices and start chopping them into tiny pieces.
He empties the plates into a pot.
He tops it with garnishments.
The girl and boy prepare to arm wrestle as a referee stands above the girl arm wrestler uses both arms and pushes in the wrong direction.
Three men are seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums playing quickly while several camera flashes are shown.
A teenaged boy jumps on a skateboard, skating across a street and up a driveway before going back onto the street.
A teen plays violin in a room.
The teen holds the violin with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow.
Then, the teen end playing the violin.
After the fighting continues another man shows up in the room and escorts the man in the suit out.
People shovels the snow using a wheeled snow shovel.
Then, a man demonstrates how to shovel the snow, the he uses a bag.
A man takes pictures to the girl.
Then the girl change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes.
He is ecstatic after his win and begins jumping with joy.
After, the men advance in the water moving the hand to help advance.
A lady and a child are washing dishes in the dirt.
The little girl walks away.
A man wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker.
He adds a few cubes of ice into the shaker.
He then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts a cherry on the top.
A group of people stand behind a master yogi.
They perform several moves, slowly and gracefully.
The man continues speaking while holding a paddle in his hands.
He moves around a bit in the water and leads into him paddling along the water.
After, the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot.
A man standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips a forearm-mounted knife.
The man talks to the camera while pointing the knife at the camera.
A woman is getting ready too bungee jump from a cable car.
One of the men is holding a phone camera in his hand to video tape her as she jumps.
The men begin singing to cheer and encourage her to jump.
After much hesitation, the woman finally jumps and hangs from the rope.
There is another woman in the cable car getting ready to jump down.
The young goes to a local restaurant for a meal.
There's a man wearing a hat and a beige colored shirt standing on the banks of a river playing his harmonica.
After he stops playing, he puts his hands down.
Someone is walking into a kitchen.
They bring it to the man in bed.
A person picks up a cell phone on a bed.
The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end.
A man holds a pair of boots while talking and showing dirty parts.
Then, the man put a clothe inside the boot and brush the shaft of the boot thoroughly.
A man is seen kneeling down on a roof and speaking to the camera.
The camera pans all around the roof and shows the man still sitting.
The baby takes a blue bulb off the tree.
The dad puts it back and the baby takes it again.
The young kids are bouncing on the big trampoline.
The kids are wearing helmet as they threw the ball and other side of the kids dodge the ball.
Two adult people went up to the trampoline to watch the kids.
He peddles the bike and shows the tire spinning again, ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more.
As he continues,the video pans out and several other people join him in playing the saxophone and it is revealed that someone else is pressing the buttons for the man as he is blowing into the instrument.
He explains the techniques of welding with the help of welder wearing protective gear and mask, using the blow torch.
A woman shows a dish with vegetables and display the calories, the ingredients and the preparation of a dish.
She squeezes it out and then put the cloth into a bucket of soapy water.
A person wearing gray pants and gloves using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
The man performs stunts, going down staircases and riding medians, doing flips and riding backwards.
When he is done, he rides away.
Then, the boy left again the court, and then he returns with a racket and a ball.
The child serves the ball, and the boy helps stands next her watching.
men are seating on a couch in a living room and are talking to each other and to the camera.
The ID card of the person being interviewed is also shown.
The man in green continues talking about soccer to the interviewer.
An athletic woman is seen standing before a track and begins running down the side.
The players cheer and speak to one another as well as showing more highlights of the game.
The camera zooms into a dancer.
VincaniTV comes up on the screen.
the instructor is talking.
A shot of the move is shown, then the instructor shows how to do it.
The screen goes to another shot of the same move but faster this time.
Several shots are shown of the people wandering around one another playing the game back and fourth over the net and helping one another.
The man makes a pause and takes his coffee.
Then, the man hols a cup of coffee and a guitar in the street.
An intro leads into several clips of people standing in a circle and throwing an object off into the distance and ends by walking away.
The girl continuously perform stunts with the instructors help and another girl is shown speaking to the camera.
A woman and child are in a park with a jump rope.
The baby is laughing and shaking its feet.
He continues moving around on the bars and ends by jumping down on the side with his arms out.
An athletic man is seen running through a street in slow motion while the camera moves around his body.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a box and newspaper.
She explains how each tool works for cleaning a horse and ends by smiling to the camera.
Several people white water raft and kayak in large inflatable rafts and kayaks on a violent, narrow,  body of water surrounded by large rocks.
A group of people on a blue water raft paddle against a violent stream/body of water.
A person navigates the rocky waves in a large water raft.
The rafters and kayakers continue to fight the force of the water  as the scene face to a positivity mantra and then to black.
A older gentleman smiles at the camera while holding his curling stick over his head.
People are playing lacrosse on a field.
There are disco lights flashing in the fitness center.
They also step on and step off of a step stool as they continue their steps.
A camera pans between a person and the cameraman and leads into a man sitting in front of a drum set.
Windsurfer rides the waves slowly forward.
Windsurfer falls into the ocean.
they start to slow down a bit almost stopping but then they build back up and continue on.
A man is indoors, quickly placing wood tiles onto a floor as the camera plays extremely fast.
The women around the table engage in knitting-related activities.
The women at the table are shown knitting again.
A person is seen wiping off the face of a baby with a rag while the baby sticks it's tongue out.
the woman continues cleaning the baby and is shown smiling to the camera and waving.
A woman is sitting in a chair talking.
She turns her back to the audience to show different angles of her moves.
A large group of people are seen running down the street while many watch on the sides.
People cheer others on on the sides as well as marching bands playing and people still running.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while transitioning into shots of her grooming a dog.
She continues speaking while showing off her clean dogs and others walking on the side.
The water skier tries to do a flip and ends up crashing into the water.
Scissors and different types of tape are shown, as well as a roll of wrapping paper.
She tapes the present shut.
She then places a translucent bow on the gift.
Two men are dancing and shaving their legs near the sink.
Another man joins the men near the sink to help with the shaving.
He does several tricks with the frisbees and the dog.
A woman is seen swinging an ax down on a log while another man watches on the side.
Another woman takes off the log and the girl prepares to swing.
A small dog is chasing the mop.
They continue to mop with the dog on the mop.
The lady cuts slices of an article.
People arrive to a place and gets off the horse and then continue riding passing woods, river, the ocean and beautiful landscapes.
Some boys are in the pools playing with volleyballs.
We see a boat with a man on it.
The man pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off, and in a show room.
The man falls off the wakeboard 2 times.
He spins and rotates on the spot and throws the discus.
Then another athlete who has won third place throws the discus successfully.
A person rides a dirt bike.
He begins by taking the ball in his hand and holding it against his neck.
It switches to a woman mowing.
He takes out some clippers and clips some of the roots.
She pulls the yarn through with the loop several times.
The man throws the discus really hard.
A person's hand is seen throwing several darts onto a board on the other side of the room.
The camera then moves closer to the board and zooms in on the location of where the darts are thrown.
The letters RPM appear on the screen.
The bar is finally let down and the boys begin racing throughout the track that's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them.
An old man wearing gray shirt is putting on and screwing the black handle bars in the front of the bike, then put the front wheel of the bike, tighten the screw, and lastly he put the seat on.
A man is trying to balance himself on a rope, he walks on it and does a flip off.
People are riding a ski lift up the mountain.
He puts some ice cubes in a talll glass and then adds some Pimms in it.
A woman talks in a kitchen, then she shows a brush.
Then, she washes a dish with the brush, then she explains showing the brush.
The woman takes a bow, finishing her dance.
A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat, he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball.
The dog looks angry and show his teeth.
Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes, stand in a line, on a stage and play the violin together.
A block of tile is shown again but it is flipped over to see the net on the back of it.
The men continue to renovate the house, measuring the wall,fixing the lights and pasting the tile on the wall.
The car is shown off again in the end all clean.
A man is standing up playing bagpipes.
The man is now jumping on the trampoline and he does the the exact same thing as the woman just did.
The man appears in front of the camera holding up a small speedo, he shakes his head in disapproval of the speedos, throws it on the camera, and they show him doing leg warm ups wearing a long pair of swimming shorts.
Several people are seen running away from a bull in many shots as they chase them down.
He begins playing a game of curling.
The names are shown in a blue bar above.
We see a man holding a selfie stick as he boards down the hill.
Several men stand around a pinata.
A man spins a blindfolded man around.
A woman in red shirt laughs.
The group of people continue swimming through the water trying to find land.
They eventually get out and each person begins talking the camera about what they've just experienced.
The player in shirt is running with player in red shirt.
A man in a red shirt watches him.
He drops the bar on the ground in front of him.
She shows off the salad.
The woman climbed on the camel, and the camel stood up.
Then, the person cleans the hood with a cloth.
A person is seen holding a tennis racket on a field and hits the ball across the field.
She meets another person at the bottom while laughing to the camera and another person running in.
He falls backward into the water.
A man in a black jacket is watching them play.
A little boy goes behind a ladder and other people keep walking around.
The camels slowly raise themselves up and begin walking around with the tourists on their backs.
They surprise a fan who is the winner of a contest.
The band members go bowling with the surprised fan and play at the bowling alley.
man is skateboarding going down a large stairs and fells.
man is skateboarding down a cement rail in stairs.
The female players walked as they kicked the ball from one side to the next.
The people continue spinning around on the bikes with some struggling and others continuing to peddle.
A woman is seen brushing copious amounts of hair off of a dog's body and collecting the fur in her hand.
The dog moves his leg a bit as the woman continues brushing and looks back to watch her brush.
The credits of the video are shown.
The canoe keeps floating while various bird are shown sitting in the water as well as the trees.
A young man is sitting down in a room talking to three other people serving as news anchors.
A backyard seen appears with several people outside.
People are standing in a swimming pool.
People begin playing water polo in the swimming pool.
Someone chops the lemon and squeezes it into a glass.
The man ties up the calf and rides away while the video leads into shots of a horse kicking a rider off of it's back.
The man in the white hat is holding his hand up.
The ball is served and it goes outside the court.
The ball is thrown to the man in the white hat.
We watch the girl as she curls and braids her hair.
The camera pans a residence's yard.
She is Crossing the strands.
A woman is making a drink on the table.
man wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor.
The men fist bump another and shake hands as the men continue writing down notes and pictures of high scores shown.
She adds more clothes in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes.
man is ready to lifting weight in middle of a white stage and people behind jim is clapping.
A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta.
They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together.
the man in the back start putting some boxers above the pants and the man in front continue speaking to the camera.
man in front holds an hairbrush and the other guy drinks water, the other guy holds a toothbrush with jam and brush his teeth.
The audience is dancing on the side of the field.
The man makes and drinks a cup of coffee.
A woman standing behind an ironing board grabs a pair of pants.
A man is on a canoe holding a paddle in a swimming pool.
A dog holding a cup in its mouth jumps up on a couch.
People are sitting in bumper cars.
A man on the side is holding onto the side of one of the cars.
A male athlete is outside in a field surrounded by people and begins to spin around and throws a shot put.
The crowd begins to cheer and the man throws his hands up jumps in happiness.
the lady shows the camera her brush and blow dryer.
Team mates come out waving a white flag.
the man then hog ties the cow.
They are licking and so happy to have ice cream.
An asian woman is seen kneeling on the floor.
She does several martial arts moves for the camera.
There are four young men and women rollerblading on a street with lots of trees.
Two people are doing figure eights on a bridge as they roller blade.
Then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties a ponytail holder onto her hair.
Then she takes it off and it's all done.
A shot of a glass being poured is shown and leads into a woman speaking to the camera.
The woman holds a glass and mixes various liquids into the glass.
White answers with a powerful goal to grab the lead back.
White scores to take the lead, and blue comes right back to tie once again.
They push their lead further late and put the game out of reach, winning 14-10.
A girl and a dog is in the field.
The girl threw the frisbee and the dog chase of it and placed it on the ground.
Women are playing a game of curling.
The audience watching them cheers and applauds.
A camera is seen moving closer to a playground and shows a woman going down a slide.
A person makes a goal with the yellow volleyball in a white net.
There's a person wearing pink gloves doing a tutorial on how to clean a white kitchen sink.
The man finishes painting and steps away from the fence.
A woman standing in front of the white sing, turned on the faucet, got some liquid soap and wash her hand.
More robots are shown close up as well as people adjusting the robots and setting them down to fight.
They are making hand motions as they talk.
A person picks up a cat off of a chair.
They lay the cat down on their lap.
They begin to clip the nails of the cat.
The person pets the belly of the cat.
They take the cat back and set it in a chair.
He takes off running, vaulting himself over a bar and onto a mat.
Two men collide and fall to the ground.
We see three men stand and pose for a photo and a man is interviewed before we return to the game.
More clips are shown of them wakeboarding as well as riding in the boat and jumping into the water.
women are in the background of a gym lifting weights.
She gets her pole and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion.
Then, other women follow suit doing the same after her scoring differently.
A woman is seen with seen wearing a tanktop with introduction text.
Messages of tex are shown on the end of the video.
As they play,a woman is shown on the side of the field taking pictures and a small logo for the photography shows on the end of the screen.
He puts them on a pan and into an oven, after they're done he eats them along with some beer.
A man throws a ball onto a field.
Several people in donut shaped inflatable rafts float down a narrow stream guided by people helping them in the water and watched by a small group of people on nearby land.
A group of people, float in a line, down a narrow stream of water in donut shaped, black inflatable rafts.
One woman gets stuck on a rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose.
The people reach the end of the narrow stream where a group of people help them off of the rafts and another small group of people watches them from nearby land.
car is in street next to a mountain.
A toy dog is walking on the floor.
It stops to look around back and forth.
A man at a professional sports event performs a long jump over a pit of sand in front of a stadium filled with people.
We see ladies dealing cards on purple tables in a casino with no customers.
the dealer smiles and deals cards and points to them.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while walking around a kitchen and checking on food.
Then, the woman kneel on the bed and touch the shoulders of the girl.
Men are playing volleyball in the sand.
A woman is playing soccer on a beach.
We see the tips on the screen 1 by one.
We see the man's feet in the blades then a man's face.
We see the man skate across a bench then put on sunglasses.
two girl teams play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball.
We see a lady clapping.
We see the crowd stand and clap.
we see the final score cards for all the contestants.
The man empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away.
A woman is seen performing a dance routine while moving around on the beach near the water.
The woman continues moving around on the beach shaking her arms and legs and looking off into the distance.
Several more people are seen performing dance moves and speaking to the camera.
He takes it to a sink, where he washes it.
He then places two pieces of fruit on top, and eats them off with his mouth.
A man kneels on a mat and shows her back an front with his left hand while talking.
Then, the man lift a kettlebell and put on front his chest while talking.
The man then quickly tattoos her face and transitions into her sitting up then back down again to show off her tattoo.
After,a young Black male begins to talk and illustrate the snow on the cars as he represents the Public relations aspect of triple A.
After awhile, another man is pictured shoveling snow off of his car and then getting inside to adjust the radio,suddenly,the man is back outside and is scraping off snow from every aspect of the car including, windows,exhaust pipes, windshields,and tail lights then the black male comes back and continues to talk.
A man wearing a white shirt and a camouflage print hat and ear and lip piercings is demonstrating how to do permanent tattoos.
Then he places a stencil on the client's arm to lay down the outline of the tattoo.
He also shows how he uses different colors to fill in the outline of the design.
Behind her,a lady is holding up the baby and assisting her as she hits the pinata.
As the pinata bounces up and down,the young baby barely hits it and then ends up turning towards the camera.
An old style television show is shown where a man cuts a woman's hair.
The boy playing field hockey is seen leaping around in the background.
A little girl uses a sweeper to hit a disc.
There are several passengers traveling in a subway train.
Two of the passengers are seated on folding chairs and they're playing drums on bongos.
We get a first hand view of the person's lawn being mowed as they turn and push the mower all over.
The man's face is shown just before he turns off the camera.
the little girl in the hat smiles as she looks in her sisters face.
A large group of people are seen sitting around an outdoor field.
A dog is seen running up and down the field in the middle of the audience.
They continue on their ride on the horses.
More scientists are shown in the lab interviewing and talking intermixed with shots of them preparing formulas in the lab and one final shot of a man in an outdoor market handling ingredients for sale.
Musical notes are displayed onscreen while harmonica plays.
Shortly thereafter, the guy begins throwing up all the beer into a trash can while everyone laughs.
A man is seen riding in on a skateboard followed by a man drinking a beer through a hose and a man sitting in a car flipping off the camera man.
More random shots are show of landscapes, dogs, people standing around, and moving along the water.
A close up of a white fencing mask and a black fencing mask.
More competition with the fencing couch watching and critiquing.
We see another goal being scored.
A group of boys are shown running down a gym holding hands and putting their hands into the air.
We return to the girls.
The wind blows he left girls hood on to her head.
We pan left to see the ocean again.
A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs.
Ingredients are shown on a sliver platter.
He puts the pasta into a bowl.
He pours the sauce on top of the pasta.
A group of kids are running between orange cones on a court.
She lifts the shirt up and puts it over the ironing board.
She turns the shirt inside out and holds it up.
We see an intro screen.
We see the girl puts gifts into a gift bag with tissue paper.
The man then throws the ball into a cup and cheers.
A woman is standing outdoors in a pink martial arts outfit.
She continues moving slowly as the names of the moves appear onscreen.
An older gentleman is brushing a brown horse.
A dog is seen laying comfortably in a large bowl with a man beside him.
man is skateboarding in street and a car almost run over.
scenes of men  skteboarding in a fences and falling off.
different women and men are acrossing the finish.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A dog jumps from the stage onto the lady's back.
A dog jumps on a lady's elevated soles.
The stage curtains are drawn.
A woman stands behind a table with high heels on it.
She starts wiping off the shoe.
She uses a q-tip to clean the side of the shoe.
A guy wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden.
He then demonstrates how to fertile the trees and shrubs by using some fertilizer balls.
He finally waters the trees and plants with a hose to complete the process.
Various shots of landscapes are shown as well as people pushing a puck to play shuffleboard.
A small group of men are seen standing on a boat with one pushing a shuffleboard.
They finish arm wrestling and they start to stand up.
She pulls a large pot of pasta and dumps it into the pan.
A woman is walking down the street with two dogs.
The larger dog is holding a leash in his mouth.
A man walks in front, leading the way.
Others then join in and the boy picks up the dog and walks away.
man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids.
He smiles at the camera and begins to talk to the camera person.
Then, the woman lights a cigarette and smokes.
People jump from rocks into a swimming hole of the river.
A large school of small fish swim in the ocean.
People are sitting and standing on the sidelines watching them dance.
He hits the ball, setting a game into motion.
The game continues as the players compete.
A man takes a comb and a pair of scissors and starts to cut the hair above the comb and then combs it to the front of the man's head.
The male then turns and the middle of the hair begins to get trimmed.
He grabs onto the machine and moves himself ending by speaking to the camera.
He throws it as hard as he can.
A man plays the saxophone in various public settings while the audiences watch.
A security guard accosts him and escorts him away.
More scenes of the man playing the saxophone in various public settings are shown.
Players are on a court playing volley ball.
The woman then performs a dance routine with the baton throwing it up into the air and spinning around.
Several clips are shown of people running around, catching and throwing the ball, as well as partying on the side.
man is polishing a black car while people is watching.
three cars are parked in front of the store.
He throws his hands up in the air while the calf moves and then climbs back on top of the horse.
A man wearing scuba gear walks along the edge of a swimming pool.
The camera shows the swimming pool.
The person then takes one slice,spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it.
The people continue working and the sun shines down on a tree.
A pair of hands are shown at a black jack table.
Several teams of people are seen playing a game of tug of war with one another with people watching on the sides.
He placed the cards on the table, on top of the yellow stars on the table, he arrange the cards in horizontal way.
A man ascends from the water, begins water boarding, and does flips.
A water vehicle is pulling a man holding a rope.
The boys watch in amazement and bends down closely to another boy.
Children wave at their teammates.
A shot of a sunset leads into a large group of people riding camels along the beach.
A woman in a green sweater puts on a face mask.
She starts spraying the fence with a hose.
A man on a wake board is being pulled by a helicopter in and out of the water.
Various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the #23 player in each different hockey game clip.
A man in a red shirt is clapping his hands.
He runs down a track and jumps in the sand.
A man named PRVNI KROKY is on metal stilts outside and he begins, walking, jumping, running and moving and doing various movements while on his stilts and people around him are either sitting or walking doing their own thing.
Meanwhile, the chef is putting ingredients and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan.
Once the sauce he is creating starts to come together he mixes in spaghetti and blends it all together.
He places his arm on the ladder.
She smooths the red wall paper out with her hands and with a tool.
The woman places a tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper.
The man in the red shirt is talking.
We see a bunch of people in a stable with a horse.
A man is seen standing ready holding a dart and looking off into the distance.
The man then throws the dart in slow motion while the camera continues to follow him.
We see two men fencing in a stadium.
The left man throws his hand in the air.
The girl and woman then begin digging in the sand.
A large group of players are lined up and seen speaking to one another.
A person is seen running down a deck pushing a puck with a stick.
A balding man appears who is standing next to a chair that seems to be in need of restoring.
The man then shows a leg of the chair and wipes it down as well.
The man continues to wipe the chair as it is getting cleaner and cleaner.
The older man flips the young one over.
Man in green is pushed across mat.
Two boys sits talking as they hold their cell phones.
The boys are wrestling in Sumo costumes as two other boys films them with camera.
One boy get and hits the other with a ladder and they hit each other.
The red boy brings  an ironing board and jumps on the other boy from the ladder.
The green boy runs into the other boy with a minibike.
She puts ingredients into a glass bowl and mixes it together.
A person water ski in the water holding a rope attached to a boat in the river.
Then, the surfboard floats on front a metal structure.
Then she continues to smoke the cigarette while looking around.
Several clips are shown of people throwing bowling balls down a lane as well as close ups of balls and pins.
People are riding on the backs of camels.
They get led down a trail by a person.
A girl in a bra is standing in her bathroom and brushing her hair.
A man is inside of a barn and is let out on a horse to catch a cow attached to the horse.
As he throws his lasso,he misses the cow and runs to get something before going back to the cow.
A man in a red shirt begins talking in front of a wall of tool consisting of wrench,screws,ax and drills.
He then holds up a small silver piece and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike.
Next,he takes a black utensil,moves the pedals around and takes the chain completely off.
The lady repeats that sequence over and over.
A man in yellow falls on the ice.
We see a title screen the man shows the machine and turns a dial and washer the floor, sink and toilet and mirror.
man is holding a video recorder.
The athlete then begins talking and showing various techniques that she uses.
We see a man sitting next and talking about the car.
The man puts a brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire.
The man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire.
A camera pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool.
Several people seen riding kayaks around the pool as well as people swimming around and watching on the sidelines.
The men continue moving around in various angles as well as being shown swimming underwater and playing with one another.
Howcast logo is on the screen.
When she is done, she shows off the flower design.
They add a scoop of chocolate ice cream next to the sandwich.
A rustic static bike of wood is in a room.
The man strokes his goatee and examines it.
People walk to the lake with their rafts and get in.
We see the ending title screen.
There's a basketball player demonstrating various types of basketball hoop shooting techniques on behalf of World of Hoops.
He begins by showing the basic technique of the regular lay-up throw, he shoots the ball directly into the hoop.
Two A girl exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen.
A man in a red shirt is playing with only one shoe on.
Words come onto the screen at the end.
An elderly man is using an elliptical trainer inside a gym.
Text is shown across the screen and more shots are shown of people demonstrating.
The people continue hitting the balls around the court while the camera captures their movements.
She does lots of forward jumps, springs, and splits in the air.
A boy in the background climbs a rope as she dismounts.
Information about the machine is placed on the screen.
One person is seen standing on the horse and the camera continues to follow the people riding along on the horses.
They play different variations of the game just having fun doing so and when its over one of the girls throws her hands in the air.
Some texts pops up on the screen.
Text pops up on the screen again.
Anti animal cruelty text appears.
A video is played of bullfighters getting gored.
A new video showing dead animals plays.
The girl in the swing is swinging and then she jumped on the ground.
The girl is sitting on blue bouncing chair while she look on her side, she stood up, continue to pull her weight forward and backward.
The girl sat on top of the slide then slide down, put on her slippers then went back to the top of the slide and slide down.
A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling,"Mowing the Lawn May 2009".
A middle aged man is outside,wearing a white muscle short and red shorts pushing a lawn mower in his yard.
Once,the male has become frustrated enough,he just decided to not mow it and goes back to his original place of cutting.
A logo appears on the screen briefly.
A man talks to a group while standing in a raft.
Another group rafts down the river.
A competitive sporting event is taking place in an outdoor arena and the competitors are on the ground while the spectators are in the stands.
People are playing wall ball in the room.
The man is white leads the ball down the gym several times and performing various tricks and goals.
A man is trying to lift weights in a gym.
The band continues playing while lights flash all around them and people continue dancing.
We see a black opening screen.
We then see a man do a high jump at 5'9".
We then see the man jump at 6'.
A little boy is holding a paintbrush in the yard.
A young child is seen standing before a mat looking down at the floor.
A man is seen speaking to the camera next to a horse and leads into clips of him riding around on the horse and close ups of other horses.
The guy adjusts the exercise bike seat.
The shoes shiners then stand in unison, with their aprons, and bow and shake hands.
He does this multiple time for repetition, this is a workout routine.
Once he is done with his break he continues back to his routine.
A girl wearing a bikini on the beach is shown doing several sits up on a ball and fixing her hair.
Gift wrapping materials are shown sitting on the counter including gift wrap, scissors, and ribbon.
The woman talks to the camera and begins to wrap the box in gift wrapping paper using a pair of scissors to cut the gift wrapping paper and clear tape to tape the edges of the wrapping paper.
The woman then wraps the gift with final ribbon and the camera closes up on the finishes, wrapped, product.
A heavy man in a blue shirt is playing the bag pipes.
He blows into the pipe while making the notes with his fingers.
He finishes his song and reaches to turn off the camera.
A woman is seated behind a wooden table.
The video's title and credits are shown.
A man rides a bicycle down a path with cars in the background.
A man speaks on a microphone.
Dough is measured out by spoonful, rolled up and placed on baking sheet.
The dough is flattened and baked into cookies.
Two tam tams are in a living room.
A man on the dock hands a rope to a water skier.
The man drink from his water.
The man rows fast on the machine.
We see the man stop rowing and walks and gets the camera.
We see men playing a game of cricket.
We see men walking on the field and A medic puts a ice pack on the man's head.
man starts playing the flute and keep talknig.
The men are removing the roof pieces and throwing down onto the tarp.
A woman and a man battle each other in a game of arm wrestling.
A female basketball coach is seen instructing a group of girl basketball players who are standing in line on a basketball court.
woman is standing in a roofed gym lifting weight.
The boys run, chasing the ball and fighting to get it away from each other.
It is replayed in slow motion.
On the final screen, an older man is shown holding a little boy in his arms.
A man is speaking while standing in front of a smart car.
A compilation of professional wrestler Kevin Owens performing power bombs on many wrestlers, in the beginning of the video he enters the building with a confident look, as he proceeds to get in he performs multiple power bombs.
The ending of the video has a subscriber message.
A woman with dark hair and silver framed glasses looks around pensively until her gaze lands on the camera and she feigns surprise at the presence of the camera and begins to talk to the camera.
They are moving so fast, they put it down for a split second.
They pick it back up quickly and get back to it, moving so fast again.
We see the kids riding down the street from a skater pov.
Various shots are shown of athletes holding a pole in their hands and leaning backwards.
This leads into several clips of more athletes throwing javelins off into the distance.
Text appears on the screen as they talk.
The dog shakes his fur.
A small child is seen standing on the ground and begins boxing with another.
The two continue to go at it and leave with the man standing up.
A woman is in a kitchen making a tomato sauce in the kitchen.
We see small boys playing tug of war in a field.
The kid in the white shirt lets go of the rope and puts his hands in the air.
A woman is doing tricks with her jump rope.
She stops and walks forward.
People are loading inflated tires into the body of water.
People are spraying elongated water guns.
These people are shown exercising on the exercise bikes.
the lady then explains what you are allowed to do with the cards that you where dealt with,she also deals out two more cards one each deck.
the lady then scoops up all the cards on the table and the round is over.
When the strike is over, it then replays in slow motion.
The car is washed first gently with soap.
A final spot free rinse is applied and the car is dried.
A man is seen standing inside a large room and begins hitting a ball against a wall with a tennis racket.
He smokes a cigarette, then blows the smoke from his mouth.
The person clamps her tongue, then inserts a piercing.
Several wrestlers are shown lined up in a game with a person choosing his characters.
Then he smears the wax and coats on a surface.
A boy talks to the camera at a beach.
A man walks from right to left in the background.
More still images of various groups of people beside the sand castle are shown.
The boy looks at the camera and talks.
An adult grabs his hand when he attempts to get more soap.
A bicycle flipped upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown.
Then, she grabs it with just her mouth and holds it up chugging the beer.
A person is riding a dirt bike over a hill.
A man begins to talk about what seems like a dog stylist parlor.
He takes his axe and  hits the branch with it.
Another man approaches the circle,repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee.
There's a man working a bicycle wheel with various tools.
He starts off by turning the axle of the wheel with a pair of tongs to position the axle in the center.
A close up of fruit is seen sitting on a plate when a person's hand places them into a container.
The camera follows the people riding along on the horses and leads to them back at the stables.
The man begins playing the instrument while looking to the camera.
The man in yellow serves the ball.
The man in yellow plays alone while the man in black stands by.
Several credits are shown on a black screen.
The rafter continues as he navigates the river.
A blue logo appears across the screen with white words in it.
The lady begins by taking a screwdriver and removing the knob from the drawer and wiping it down with a wet cloth.
The stand is done but then goes back and starts add a finish on it.
A man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs an ax.
There are several spectators and judges watching him perform.
There's a little baby wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a Popsicle.
a man and a woman are standing ni a wooden court playing squash.
A group of windsurfers ride together around a small dingy boat.
As he ends his last jump,two people come to the pit and start to measure the distance.
There are several people skating on the main road in the downtown area of a city at night.
The street is lit up with street lights and stores along the sidewalk.
There are many different tiles being shown and there is wooden floors being shown.
I then see him with a machine that cuts tiles in half and he puts half of a tile on the floor.
He hammers the tiles a little to make them lie flat.
We see a girl performing with batons.
The girls finishes and throws her arms in the air.
A man is watching a game eating an ice cream cone.
A man is preparing to run and jump.
He takes a flying jump over the high bar onto a mat.
Two men are seen kneeling and sitting before a wall with one speaking to the camera and beginning to lay metal down on the side.
A woman bakes cookies on a silicone mat.
An underwater coral reef is shown.
A young child is seen running up and down a bricked area while standing in front of a hop scotch game drawn out.
In the end she gives the person holding the camera a high give.
Various clips are shown of food close up as well as people speaking to the camera.
A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says "howdini get yourself a guru".
Cookies on a plate are shown and the words on the screen say they are "Peanut Butter Blossoms", and begins to show the woman pouring all the ingredients into a bowl to make them, rolling them in sugar, putting them on a tray for baking, and then showing the final product when they're done baking and the website to go to to see the full recipe.
The lady starts to row a little faster and the screen fades to black.
A man holds a surfboard and a man carries a bike up steps.
A man fall off his bike hard.
Several shots are then shown of people curling and close ups of the pucks.
He bends down and lifts the weight over his head.
The boy sit on a bench outside with a bag of croquet mallets and balls and talk to each other.
The boys then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
A large group of people are seen swimming around a pool with a man talking on the side.
The group begin throwing the ball around while swimming around each other.
French braiding hair from left to right all the way to the end.
Five people are jump roping on a blue mat.
The second lady is being tattooed.
They land on a beach, then fly it over the clear ocean water.
They skydive, opening their parachutes as they get closer to the water.
The man applies a strip of wallpaper to a wall and smooths with his hand.
The man uses a rag and then a brush to smooth out thee wall paper to the wall surface.
The man gets down from the ladder and unrolls the wallpaper to the floor.
The man continues to smooth out the lower section of the wallpaper with a brush down to the floorboard.
He throws the ball and watches it glide down the lane multiple times.
It knocks down all but two pins, which he misses the second time.
little girl is in stage in a competition and do a jump into a parallel to do gymnastics and somersaults.
The woman puts her arms down to catch the yarn.
A woman opens a white closet door.
A young blonde lady is talking to the camera inside her room.
A man water ski behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
Then, a woman and a man water ski doing acrobatic jumps.
After, men water ski jumping and turning around.
Next, a person surf on the waves created by the boat, after the man water ski jumping and flipping high.
Finally she runs her hands under the water and dries her hand off with a paper towel.
A couple of people on a kayak are flipped over and fall into the river.
She then continues running across the field and begins looking at the bleachers and anticipating a softball game.
A black and white video plays and one of the men is Bruce Lee and he's very skillfully and creatively hitting the ping pong ball back and forth to another man who is holding a ping pong paddle, while Bruce Lee hits the ping pong ball with nanchucks and the man with a paddle can't keep the ball on the table.
An older Chinese man speaks to the camera.
At one point, the camera focuses back to his face for a moment.
The camera shows sliding down a snowy slope from a first person perspective looking backwards.
A person is seen sitting in a chair with his arm out getting a tattoo from a male artist.
A couple appears on a professional stage under a spotlight and performs a dance routine.
The pair finishes their routine, he kisses her hand and the audience applauds.
An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor.
A man is sitting on a roof.
The man rubs his hand along the carpet and continues cutting.
The man continues to cut along the rug while rubbing his hand across.
A young blonde boy is standing at a kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he's spraying all the dishes.
We see cheerleaders standing on the stage.
We see a mascot roll a ball to home plate and fall when its kicked back and hits him.
A person messes with the baby's hair.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a female weight lifting competition.
The kids continue to move around the water as adults walk by as well.
The man attempts to jumps higher than while jumping with the pole.
The man waves his hand in front of the camera.
Text appears on the screen briefly.
A girl in a yellow shirt is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
She stirs the egg, then plates it while still riding.
The lady irons the back of the shirt.
We see a bright title closing screen.
We see the title screen for Howcast.
The lady shows how to lift your hips one at a time.
She pats her head and shakes her hips faster.
She stops dancing and stands still.
The ending credits load on the screen.
The boy continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron.
The leaves move against the asphalt.
He wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
A man throwing the frisbee to his dog and the dog catches.
A woman opens her arms and her dogs jumps into them, she catches the dog.
A guy tosses a ball into a goal.
The two team come head to head as they scramble to hit the ball in the goal.
The white team players try to keep up with their opponents and focus on hitting the ball in the goal.
They take a break to before they can restart the game as they walk towards the side of the field.
A dealer at a casino table deals out to several customers while there's a constant stream of activity in the background.
The dealer turns a card over and takes the man's chips.
women are walking on a lakeside and are putting their shoes and harness.
women are climbing a rock wall attached to an harness.
She shakes the drink in a black shaker.
She pours the drink into the martini glass.
The camera moves across the water and several people on boats and jet-skis are moving in the water near a large wave.
More large waves begin to surface and a man begins surfing the waves.
Then, they're at the gym and it's a class full of people jumping rope.
A man drives a lawn mower over a lawn.
The man turns to his left.
The man then circles the lawn.
She pets one of the dogs.
Another woman is sitting behind the woman that pets the dog.
The woman with the dog walks over and takes the leash of the second dog from the young girl and walks away with both dogs and the young girl still holding part of a leash.
The woman and the young girl, each with a dog again, stop in the grassy area, talk and then continue walking.
We see a dark title screen.
The referee comes to the men and waves his arms.
The video cuts to a side angle of the rollerbladers passing by.
Another side shot is shown and a cop car and several escort vehicles come into view as the video fades to black.
The woman then begins to play the instrument while others stand around her and watch and others play along.
She spreads it around, smoothing it in.
A woman is seen walking to a swingset with a small boy and putting him on the swing.
Several women with their children are seen swinging back and fourth with one another as well as dads playing with their kids.
A man is seen dancing in a club and grabs onto a woman.
A close up of a woman is seen looking off into the distance and holding a dart.
She throws the dart onto the board which is show up close.
The woman then clenches her fists and her throw is shown again.
A player serves a ball with the stick, and the teams continue playing.
Two players dispute the ball in the air, then they continue playing.
Many people watch on the sides while the dealer deals out cards and the people place their chips in the middle.
A person is running on an excerise machine.
The camera pans to the right slowly.
The girl makes a lovely batch of cookies and finds herself enjoying them in the end, as well as the company of others.
Scenes of multiple people performing capoeira demonstrations are shown with audiences in the background and foreground.
The trio of women come back onto the screen and continue the dance in the studio.
The camera goes back and forth between them doing the dance on the stage and off the stage showing different angles.
Two men are inside an indoor gym.
Two dudes are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads.
Then you see everyone playing beer pong having a great time outside joking and dancing.
Several shots of people playing basketball are shown and leads into two men demonstrating a move.
A woman is standing behind an array of confections in a kitchen.
Ingredients are displayed next to actions mixing ingredients.
A woman is lifting and squatting inside a gym with a barbell on her shoulders.
We see two girls standing in a room, then perform a flip.
We then see four girls do a back flip together.
We see a man being shaved with a straight razor.
He lifts the barbell up to his chest, rests for a moment, then lifts it over his head.
She pulls it apart in strands, putting conditioner on it.
A man dressed in all white is shown fighting different men outdoors and hitting them very hard.
The man is once again shown to be fighting different men outdoors and he seems to be winning each fight.
After this round of fights, the man is once again talking very passionately with a lot of hand movements and facial expressions.
A young boy sits in a chair with protective gown on and gets his hair cut with electric clippers by mom at home.
The mother removes clipped hairs from the boys head with fingers.
She finally pins her hair down and then shows off her hair while pointing to the camera.
The people are hitting bags with sticks as they ride.
woman is lifting eights while he man sits to watch her.
He begins to play the violin.
He stops and sets the violin to his side.
A Company name and slogan are seen in white text.
A woman is shown walking around a kitchen turning on a faucet and l letting the sink fill up with water.
She smiles at the cleaning product and pans out to the label being shown.
A woman starts dancing next to a man in front of a gathered crowd.
She goes between his legs, sliding outward and injuring her neck.
A woman is seen blow drying her hair while using a comb in various fashions and using different products.
The woman then moves her leg out in front of her and bends down further creating a stretch.
In the second round, the athlete with blue uniform rise successfully and kiss the bar of the weight, also the other athletes are successful.
A room is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls.
A woman is sitting with a baby in her arms.
A boy is seen walking around with a tennis racket and points to the ground while the man is still sitting in front of the fire.
two referees on side of tables and watch each other.
A map of the world is shown.
Trophies are shown on the screen.
He starts pulling on a rope on a workout machine.
A group of men are inside a dark club.
A small group of people are seen swimming around a pool and leads into several shots of a swimmer throwing a ball into a net.
The people switch out continuously and leads to one team winning and celebrating all together in the water.
man is arming the bike inside a room with wooden floor.
The person takes the second belt off.
The man puts a wire along the tire and continues to spin it around.
A man in a green shirt throws a disc onto a field.
The girl flips on a trampoline.
The man does a spin kick.
Once he is done,he is given a bar of soap and has to wash hands.
The boy goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down.
The man uses a saw to cut the wall as well as the tile while using various other tools to cut around the sides.
The girl points down and wipes her hair.
The girl shaves her legs in the shower.
A small group of people are seen playing lacrosse on a field running up and down the field and pushing one another.
Several shots of players hitting one another is shown as well as players pushing other people.
One team scores several goals and are immediately followed by teammates cheering.
A medical practitioner is washing her hand with soap and water, while the other medical practitioner in white coat is on her phone.
A man in yellow coat is washing his hands, then the man in blue shirt is giving interview.
A man talks while holding  bagpipes.
The boy rides down the slide several more times with the girl's assistance and a man standing holding a baby and watching.
A girl is looking at the camera.
A woman's feet are shown as she warms up at ballet.
A blonde woman is speaking to the camera, which pans out to her performing various dance moves while talking.
People in the audience are seen cheering to one another as their scores are shown in the end.
He points to his body showing the muscles worked and walks around the man exercising.
A female gymnasts sits in a chair and waits for her turn.
A man puts a black lens in his eye.
The man then lifts it up over his head and ends by throwing it back down.
The athlete run around and cheered and kneel down and pray.
A man is spinning in circles and throwing a discuss for a competition.
Another man comes up to the plate and throws the discuss.
Several other players step up and take their turn throwing the disk.
The kids continue to play with one another as well as run along the field.
Another man in grey shirt rides a skateboard on the half pipe ramp and does tricks.
The three men ride together on the large ramp in formation.
The man on the right taps his foot as the two men play music.
The camera pans to an onlooker standing on the side of the room watching and smiling.
The camera person then focuses on two women talking and standing together.
He zooms through the city and goes on a highway.
A man stands in a field talking.
A man hits the "8" ball with a croquet mallet and does a little dance.
Another man hits a bowling ball and does a dance, The young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks.
The game ends and all of the materials for the game are gathered.
An armoire is shown, and a woman is holding one of the drawers.
She holds the cans of paint as she talks about the finished product.
The woman then moves herself around on roller blades while the camera follows her movements.
A group of a man and three women are on a gym floor.
A man is riding a skateboard indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground.
The lady shakes her hips.
The lady bends down and the man wraps his arms around her.
A lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding a lacrosse stick is talking about the positions of lacrosse.
He is standing in a field that is next to a busy road with many cars passing by.
A girl is seen dancing on stage followed by a large group of girls warming up.
A teen puts make up to an man on his face.
Then, the teen puts color on the cheeks, then she eyeliners the eyelids.
They stop fencing and walk away.
Coffee is ground up in an electric grinder.
A cup of coffee and coffee press are set on a table.
The cup of coffee is picked up and set back down on the saucer.
A woman is seen leading a camel around with two small children riding on the back.
A female gymnast stands idle while being watched by a crowd.
A close up of a second woman saying something is shown.
The gymnast performs a routine on a beam.
The female gymnast finishes her routine and dismounts.
The gymnast walks away from the beam.
A young boy walks up to try to hit it as well as another boy.
A guy waves and then speaks.
A male approaches and grabs a plate.
The male takes the plate to the sink.
The male gives a thumbs up.
The diver gets to the edge of the board and stretches before falling forwards in the water.
The man hops on one leg at the end and walks away.
Men on the sideline clap and jump.
We see a man throw the hammer repeatedly.
The males are being pulled to the left.
The people continue riding along the water as the water splashes around them and the woman stops to wipe her face off.
There's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles.
He continues taking a several puffs of the cigarette as he empties the ashes of the burned cigarette on the side.
He looks a bit confused as he continues smoking the cigarette.
The video takes place in a theater showing a symphony play a song.
The symphony continues to play as the conductor leads.
She grabs the weights and lifts it over her head and then back down.
The young female is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera.
The woman drain the pasta, and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls.
The setting changes and the man in the hat talks with another man while the two look at papers.
Several dogs walk down a street.
The stream of them is endless.
A woman holds her dog.
A class of children dressed in white gi's are walking, kicking and punching in a classroom while their teacher walks around them.
He puts the dishes into a black strainer.
A woman is explaining how to remove wallpaper.
She moves the ladder, climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall, picking the pieces that stick from the wall.
She pulls the residue from the wall.
She bends down again and walks out of camera range again.
She has a sponge and is cleaning the wall.
man is wearing welding mask in a dark room welding something.
The person falls and lets go of the rope.
A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme.
After, the person takes a bottle from the sill and continues cleaning the borders of the window screen.
A young woman is sitting on a step and then a poster saying I can do it is shown.
woman is playing drums wearing a black cap.
We then get a good look at the grass.
People balances on a slack line in a park and slowly walks across the length of the rope between two trees.
A band is seated outside on asphalt.
Numerous people pass by on foot and bike.
People are jumping rope on a stage.
Then he stands right back up while the boxer in red walks around him.
A young man is wearing headphones and standing in front of a microphone.
He closes his eyes, listening to himself as he plays.
A group of guys then come in the building and they start to run around the bags as a warm up.
She jumps into a pile of sand.
It shows her stretching and jumping into a pile of sand.
The camera pans around a large group of people wandering around and leads into people playing a soccer match.
A boy plays a drum set at home.
The man is concentrating on the pool table, slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick.
An athletic woman is shown running down a track and jumping into a large sand pit.
Her jump is then shown again several times in slow motion and another runner takes a turn at the jump.
The person at the front of the boat is leaning off to the side and is seemingly hitting the water.
The boat makes a turn to the right.
The boat begins to head to the shore.
He continues to wave and roll his hands in the air as more cars pass.
A young woman is seen sitting in a kayak looking to the camera.
The girl then begins moving the paddle back and fourth.
After he gets the machine started, the lady hops onto the machine and begins using the elliptical.
We see an intro screen with contact lenses.
The person holds their eye open and inserts the contact lens.
We are then shown how to remove the contact lens with instructions.
We then see the ending screen.
The woman throws a blow to her partner who catches it and throws her to the ground.
He uses a knife in the crevices, sharpening the knife.
Vassen cloud nine red colored contacts are in the container they belong in.
The video by TMZ is showing several overweight men as part of the sumo destruction event.
There's a panel of people sitting in a studio talking about the event.
people are standing in a snowy mountain in snowboards.
Once more, he shoots an arrow.
He finds another arrow and shoots.
He takes another shot of an arrow.
Another arrow is grabbed and he shoots.
He shoots an arrow once more.
A man prepares to run down a track.
man is taking out the kayak from the water.
The ride goes up higher and the man with a hat is talking to the other.
They even show some of the kids waiting and having a good time watching the race.
A lot of people are shown on the boat with life vests moving quickly about the ship, and men are frantically pulling at rope.
We see the whole orchestra playing and return to the flute lady and the orchestra cut back and forth.
We watch the conductor as he works and see the orchestra.
The spectators in the bleachers watch the sporting event.
The woman and dog are shown in several more clips playing with the frisbee and performing tricks.
Two pairs of females are in a room playing a game of Foosball.
people are scuba diving watching the  fishes are swimming between rocks.
people are under the sea scuba diving recording everything.
A man spins and throws a ball onto the field.
A man comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
He moves closer to the camera so that you can see the detail of what he is doing with his hands.
A man is standing in front of the camera talking and then moves behind the table.
People load into orange canoes.
The credits of the video are shown.
A smiling girl wearing braces and glasses lifts a pink bag above her head as she's standing in front of the middle body of a horse, and the words "Grooming with Erin".
When the girl is done with cleaning out the shoes, she returns the tool back to the pink bag and grabs a brush from off camera, brushes the mane, kisses the horse, and then returns the brush back to the pink bag, walks towards the camera and smiles big into it.
The woman continues spinning the rod around body, also throw the rod in the air.
The customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing the shoe.
The shiner returns to buffing the right shoe.
The shiner wipes the shoe with a cloth.
The man resumes buffing the left shoe.
An Asian man is standing by the keyboard, he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside.
A camera pans around a large body of water followed by people swimming in the water.
More clips are shown of people close up moving along the water.
A child boxes a gloved adult kneeing on the floor.
The child also practices karate kicks.
Outside at the playground a boy has climbed to the top of the swing set while other children are swinging.
The boy at the top is just sitting casually while another child is being pushed by a friend on the swing.
There's a brown horse tied in a stable.
An underwater view is being shown as a woman dressed like a mermaid is swimming.
People wears lanyards and watch around the exhibits, while a man explains a person holding two discs.
Other people sits in a eating area while reading and texting.
They are getting in position and waiting for the referee to tell them to start the match.
Once the ref says to start they begin  the match both running towards one another immediately.
A woman manipulates a Rubik's cube while a man watches on in a competitive setting.
Two men walk through the camera frame in the background.
More pictures of the girl's new hair is shown as well as old pictures of her.
A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon.
A small girl is making cookies with her mother in her kitchen.
The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking.
A person is seen riding along a bike trail while a person wearing a camera following from behind.
He finally solves the cube, and stands up from the table.
A woman is standing next to them.
The game commences, the people trying their best to win.
The girl is then seen play hop scotch jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind.
The boy jumps on his own and then leads into the two walking on a sidewalk beam.
He is drug by a boat filled with people.
He gains his balance, and is water skiing quickly behind the boat.
An athletic man steps up before a track while holding a javelin ad standing ready.
The man runs down, throws the javelin, and walks back while his throw is shown again several times in slow motion.
The people start the race behind a closed and grated fence, which then opens and allows them to start racing from an elevated platform down onto the paved raceway.
The racers pedal with one person in a white jacket in the lead.
He continues to perform this swing several times and hits the ball every time.
He then grabs a metal mask and positions himself correctly on the floor.
Once comfortable,the mask is held in position and he begins firing away at the object on the ground.
She sections her hair, takes out a brush, and begins to blow dry her hair with the brush.
Then, the man uses flannel to polish the wood board thoroughly.
Lemons are juiced one at a time and then put in a pot with sugar.
He is using commercial lawn mowing equipment.
They appear to be building a roof.
Then a girls wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle.
He talks about the mechanics of the hormonica in between playing.
Another man hands the camels reigns to the man riding and the camel starts walking.
Many different people are in the background watching and doing different things in the snow.
The man that were falling give up and stay in a sitting position.
The lady then uses scissors.
We see the kid with his new hair cut.
We see the boy as he walks to the door.
A few men and a woman are indoors playing badminton They are very into it and competing heavily.
Various shots in fast motion and in slow motion are shown of the action.
the boy runs with the pole, vaulting over a bar and onto a mat.
She goes over all the ingredients needed for the drink.
She begins by taking a glass and filling it with ice.
The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl.
Someone stirs the cookie dough in a bowl.
A boy washes the dishes.
A boy shakes his head yes and plays with a big black dog.
He rubs the soap together in his hands and massages into his face thoroughly.
He then wipes his face off with a towel and speaking to the camera and pouring more lotion.
He once again presses the lotion into his face and a recap is shown of his face.
man and woman are standing on top of a big rock jumping into a lake.
wo guys are sitting on a side of the rock talking with a woman on the lake.
He stands triumphantly on the back of a small boat.
After, the man moves the body and the hands while explaining.
A woman is seen standing on a piece of exercise equipment and moving herself around.
The woman moves her feet on the machine as well as showing how the machine works.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair looking down with others beside her.
The camera pans all around the people sitting and leads to one putting an objects on his leg.
A police officer spins around while dancing.
The police officer does a disco John Travolta dance.
The police officer does a break dancing routine.
A man is standing in front of a wood fence.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video that will show a demo of some janitorial products.
A man on the screen begins to describe a mop and bucket set that are used for cleaning floors.
Two people are seen sitting in front of cameras playing instruments while the camera zooms in.
He is also showing tight rope walking from one end to another.
He pauses, then lifts it over his head.
The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles.
As they are riding they pass a set of glass igloos planted on the estate.
They reach a clearing where there is open land and several trees.
We see a lady slowly playing a drum.
The lady pretends to bite the boy, then laughs.
The cat is meowing as the woman holds her paws.
An adult female and a young female is in the beach, the adult female is dumping the sand from the pail to the ground.
The woman in polka dots is sitting on the ground and showing her pants.
More shots are shown of people skateboarding down a road performing several tricks and walking away.
A close up of a razor is shown an leads into several clips of dogs getting their cut trimmed.
Several tools are shown are then shown on cats and them laying down being pet.
A man is running down a street.
She then pours the mixture onto a slice of break and presents it on a plate while speaking continuously.
One girl moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front, leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet.
A logo is shown with water drop sounds playing in the background.
The water sounds still play and the man shows you various moves and what they mean under water.
A close up of a canoe is shown followed by a man pushing the canoe along in various areas.
His paddling is slowed down to demonstrate how to properly paddle while more shots of the man paddling in fast motion are shown.
A man puts water on his face while holding a pail, then takes a sponge and throws over the table.
We see an opening title screen.
A man and boys standard sit on the snow and ice fish.
A drum line passes by walking down the street playing their instruments.
People are driving bumper cars on a brown floor.
A girl laughs out loud.
We see a lady and a girl on a raft on a snowy hill.
The lady and a man push people down the hill.
A group of people are sitting and clapping while men standing up dressed in gi's along a mirrored wall go through different motions of karate.
The third time, his action is repeated in slow motion.
A coach takes notes, and then players train lacrosse.
A man walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower.
The man finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away.
Teammates congratulate the girl in black for the goal.
Girls run after the ball.
The young person then does a 360 flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after,he does another trick.
Next,a series of pictures are shown of other people doing tricks.
man is running in the park behind the women.
A couple of teams are on an open field.
They are playing lacrosse together.
They run around, trying to hit the ball.
The video opens with the host using purple nail tape to create a pattern, slowly applying and making sure it is straight.
Next a matte coat is applied over the nail and tape.
The tape is gently peeled off the nail, and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines.
The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C's to mimic the Chanel logo.
Finally a matte top coat is applied to finish it off.
She looks up and talks to someone.
A person skies and does flips.
A close up of the bull fighting is shown and pans back to the comedian speaking to the camera.
An image shows a bag of m&m's and a bag of Maltersers being suspended in midair, appearing to pour onto a cake.
A woman bakes a round cake, frosting it and surrounding it by chocolate bars.
A man is seen standing before a hedge holding onto a tool.
The man uses the tool all along the hedge while trimming the top.
He continues pushing the tool over the hedge while walking away from the camera.
A group of men play croquet on a large grass covered field at an outdoor social event.
The group of men are accompanied by onlookers as they continue to maneuver the  croquet ball with their mallets.
One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip.
He runs, taking a huge leap into the sand, landing on the number 18.
A small group of people are seen swimming in a pool and leads into various clips of children learning how to swim.
A man helps them practice in the water as well as jumping off a diving board.
The man with black apron is brushing the counter.
The man holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera.
person in the costume and cross the street to a car.
They jump off and do flips into the water.
A man wearing a coach shirt is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam.
A view of the countryside is seen in multiple images, including buildings, trees, fields and flowers near the ocean.
A man is shown mountain climbing up the side of a cliff.
man is mopping the floor in a laundry room.
The handle gets stuck and the woman tries to help the girl.
After, the girl continues turning the handle to peel the orange.
The games continues on as people cheer on the sides and the men continue playing with one another.
A man is climbing up a mountain trying to find the right spots to pull himself up.
A man with a light blue shirt inspects the position of the billiard balls up close.
He chalks the tip of the cue stick before taking his shot.
two new guys arrive in the back.
The coach is on the field with the teams.
The person falls when another attempts to ride the board on the water.
A young boy holds a dish scrub as he speaks.
He turns to the sink behind him where there are dishes sitting in water.
He soaks the knife in the water and moves it to the dish rack, the boy goes back to clean a fork with the towel.
The camera zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as bowing to the camera.
At the competition, he picks up the weights from a squatting position before rising up and then throwing the weights down on completion.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment speaking to the camera and transitions into a group of men walking in a straight line.
They are looking through rubble of an old ship.
They are then seen flying the kites on a beach.
An older woman is shown talking to the camera and begins knitting on a couch.
She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down.
There's a young boy standing in his kitchen with a jug of water, some lemons and some apples behind him on the counter.
He is pointing to the lemons.
Then she adds some food coloring to the lemonade and stirs it well.
She demonstrates how to mulch, picking up the material and showing how to pack it around plants.
They are performing using batons and wearing purple dresses.
A camera and logo appear briefly.
A person wake boards on a lake while being towed.
The men make the kites dip and dive as they talk and interact.
They are cheering as several professional skateboarders perform stunts in a ramp pit.
He is going at a steady and fast speed as he passes through a few cars and lots of trees.
He finally slows down as cameraman approaches a gray car.
The skateboarder is kneeling on the side of the main road.
He then gets up and walks away.
We see a magazine on a black background.
People begin running on country roads in a marathon.
A close up is shown of a room with a window.
He measures and cuts then spreads again.
The child continues pumping their legs and then is stiff while looking off into the distance.
A lot of dancing happens at the end.
woman is sitting in front of a white table holding a halloween pumpkin.
woman holds a knife and and cut the pumpkin head and remove all the seeds from the inside.
woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin.
The woman continuously smokes and drinks one after the other while continuing to look to the camera.
Various shots of landscapes are shown that interments with people riding in a large raft.
They are trying to entice the bull with capes.
A groups of students  exercise and cheers on a competition, then boys wearing red t-shirt throw bowling balls and throw all the pins and celebrates.
Then, young people wearing green t-shirts are successful playing bowling.
A woman is speaking to a webcam in her bedroom.
She begins to play with her hair, separating part of it and braiding it.
She places the first braid into her mouth while creating another one.
She criss crosses the braids, and places a rubberband on it.
The video finishes by cutting a still image of the same girl and panning up and down.
He demonstrates how to play the instrument.
A female seems to be doing tricks with a hula hooping while being very flexible with her body.
The man in the middle is talking and the other two remain still.
quick oats and baking powder, cocoa powder and salt are mixed in a bowl.
The man stands and leave the court.
The individuals began dancing and jumping off the boat and enjoy themselves in the water.
A man with two children are seen speaking to the camera with one throwing his hands up and leading into them moving quickly.
The kids stand on a chair taking ornaments off a tree while moving back and fourth to the table to place the objects.
The woman in white shirt is standing, then kneel down next to a big plastic bag on the ground.
She opened the bag, put the content of the bag in the uneven hole on the ground, and flatten it using her gloved hand.
a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper.
He then is shown speaking to several different people holding a frisbee and playing a game.
A planter of flowers is seen in front of a home.
A finished tile roof is seen when the job is done.
A man is standing outside talking.
She secures the pin into her hair and waves good bye.
People prepare to go canoeing and then launch their boats.
A man in a Batman shirt is sitting down talking.
A person starts welding a piece of metal.
He puts all the pieces in a black bag.
A small group of people are seen standing on two sides of a net.
The people then begin playing a game of badminton with one another.
They continue to hit the birdie around while serving it to the other side and hitting it back.
A crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching a bull fight.
A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water.
A person is seen riding behind the boat on a pair of skis.
Business men walk through a busy crowd.
A business man plays against a table tennis professional.
Two businessmen play on a team against the table tennis pro.
The boy attempts to climb the monkey bars starting from the second from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls, he gets up and goes to the ladder.
The boy attempts to climb again, from the top bar on the inside and falls again, he gets up and goes to the ladder again.
A man is seen riding around on a horse holding a stick and then pausing to sit.
After,more girls begin to jump and represent their team and their jumps are measured as well.
However,for the last jump,a close up is shown of the board because her foot barely touches it and they want to give her credit for those centimeters.
The camera zooms around the cake and shows the woman putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result.
We see an opening title screen.
We see the ending title screen.
man is alone doing lay ups to the basket.
They hit several pucks, sweeping them in a game.
He then begins playing the drums back and fourth.
He continues to play on the drums and ends by turning the camera off.
A young girl performs her gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
The young girl gets back on the beam and finishes her routine.
The machine is being shown.
We see the man perform a routine on the bars.
The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel.
A man is talking from behind a table.
The woman takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog.
then she bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
She picks up a plastic bottle.
She dumps olive oil onto a rag and rubs it onto the dresser.
The animated graphic morphs into a real and actual version of the graphic, appearing on a outdoor tennis court and flanked by two men.
The two men standing next to the machinery place tennis balls into the machine, which in turn spits out the balls acting as an automated tennis ball server for a player who is standing on the other side of the tennis court with a tennis racket.
We see another man working on the floor.
A website address is typed in.
Skateboarders ride the banks of a drainage ditch.
The city lights are seen at night with passing traffic in fast motion.
The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product.
A man is seen walking forward speaking to the camera and begins washing a car.
He continues to wash the car and stops for a moment to speak to the camera.
She is walking around the court, looking around.
The camera shows the other two players.
The game goes on for a while longer before it ends.
She then takes out her contacts and holds up another container.
She turns it on and mixes the ingredients together.
A man is seen playing drums on a set of buckets while several people walk past him and others record him.
The man continues to play as the camera pans all around him and people continue to walk around him and show off the area.
Two teams are playing lacrosse outdoors.
Players score and jump and run to celebrate the scores.
A woman looks on and laughs at the man.
They begin taking turns riding down the snowy mountain and several shots are shown of them riding the lift and down the mountain.
One of the contestants falls off his bike and seems like he's injured.
He gets up right away and walks to the corner.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by him talking to random women on the beach.
They play a game together and when he wins the girl gives him a kiss.
The man pushes the machinery around the lawn while looking into the camera.
Many people are present as trophies are displayed.
A bunch of people gather to play beer pong and drink.
He crosses the obstacle easily.
A woman wearing a shawl stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors.
woman is standing in a shooting room holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board.
man is talking to the camera standing next to a box.
A girl walks to the edge of the diving board.
The girl extends her hands.
they stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
They are playing a game of lacrosse.
He then demonstrates how to use the Rada sharpening tool to sharpen the kitchen knife by running iit back and forth in gentle and steady motion.
A guy rises to his feet.
The guy walks on a tight rope.
The guy walks backwards on the tight rope.
The guy steps off the tight rope and smiles.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into various ingredients begin shown and a person slicing up cheese.
The person mixes ingredients together and lays them on slices of bread to create a sandwich.
A man and woman dressed up on stage waiting to start their performance.
They use the chair as a prop and dance until it time to stop and then they hug.
A female athlete claps her hands.
The female athlete runs and elevates her body over a heighten hurdle.
The athlete discusses more and is seen on television screens doing previous pole vaults.
The outside of the warehouse is seen in a city setting.
The person then grabs a pair of clippers and begins cutting the nails of the cat.
The car is now completely clean.
The woman peeks out from behind a wall.
The man applies a tattoo pattern to the woman's upper arm, with the video sometimes passing in accelerated time.
This is repeated from several different angles.
He peels the potato one strip at a time.
Next shown is a still shot of black shirt with the logo on the upper left of the chest and the word "DOBRIS" under it and a red and white jump rope is on top of it.
Various clips of people rope jumping play and sometimes there's just 1 person jumping alone, but most times there are between 2 and 4 and a lot of times they are alternating between jumping and holding the rope.
A man and a woman passionately hold each other standing still in an embrace.
The  man dips his female partner down who does the splits at the end of the dance.
The woman is still painting the panel, but now with a change of clothing.
The woman continues to paint with a fifth different set of clothing.
The woman continues to paint with a sixth different set of clothing.
A scoreboard graphic is shown for all the participating players.
A man is outdoors in a city skating with and without a shirt on in different locations, falling a few times and skating both at day and night while people look on at different locations, and sometimes he's alone.
This woman is walking, jumping,  and flipping on the balance beam.
A girl sitting int eh driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker.
She hangs up and starts talking out loud and then her and her friend are walking through a parking garage.
She begins working out on the exercise machine.
She turns the dial again on the appliance.
One almost wins but the other pulls back quickly and wins while screaming and pushing.
He starts by cracking the eggs in a clear glass bowl.
A wall is shown, covered in hanging tools.
A bottle of aging cream is shown and a woman begins to apply it on her face in her T-zone.
A man mounts a beam.
He begins to spin, flips, and do several tricks.
The baby continues moving back and fourth while looking up to the camera and smiling.
the girls continue taking turns flipping all around the mat in the area as well as speaking to the camera and waving.
A group of people sitting on elevated bleachers,  watch a man on a horse lasso a small black calf in a, dirt covered, indoor, rodeo ring.
A close up of a table is shown as well as a man standing around the table and pointing to the side.
The man then begins swimming around the pool back and fourth with others.
A caption comes up on the screen while the man continues to use the vacuum all over the rug.
A close up of a pool table is shown followed by a person walking around the sides.
A woman is in a living room in front of a fire.
She tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
We see a closeup of the man playing the saxophone, it zooms out and in on him again.
A person is using a large armed window washing mechanism to wash the exterior, front, glass window of a sandwich store.
The man continues to wash all four glass panes one by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store.
A person walks in front of the camera.
We see an opening title screen.
We switch to ladies dancing around a bull in a rind.
We see two ladies dancing.
People are seen smiling and waving to the camera while the man continues to play the piano.
The camera captures him from all over playing the piano as well as singing to the camera.
A man sits down with his leg on a chair.
A woman in a tan suit is talking.
People walk along a sidewalk.
The man in the green shirt is talking into a microphone.
Two men are seen performing martial arts moves against one another and leads into a man speaking.
The man continues these motions while stopping to demonstrate how it's properly done.
People are playing a game of soccer in an indoor arena.
Two guys play relay soccer, an athlete touches the hands of his opponent and a goalie before he kicks a served ball.
A man pushes a lawnmower cutting down a high patch of weeds in a yard.
Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl.
The person blends all the ingredients and puts them in a pan to cook.
The person shows close ups of nail polish and continues painting on the nail.
A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly.
The kayak rider paddles into the white wash below a water fall and flips over then rights himself again.
He same shot is shown several times and he sits down in his chair laughing.
The man push the puck around more over and under obstacles.
In the first one,  the horse runs with him on his back and he tries to jump over a wooden obstacle, but fails and there are many more fails.
He then is seen again with wet hair and closes his eyes to the camera.
The camera walks to the end of the porch.
Children are playing on the beach.
They squeegee and wipe down the glass professionally.
It is a sunny day with geese walking around the park and people enjoying a casual game of cricket.
A cross appears in the style of the tile under the water in a pool.
The two boys are then pictured on a split screen against each other putting on their helmets.
After the tricks continue and they keep jumping and doing tricks over the hills.
Two men are seen arm wrestling with one another while holding their arms down to the sides.
The men race back and fourth doing a butterfly movement back and fourth until they all reach the end.
people are walking on the dock wearing winter clothes.
Someone is at the bowling alley on a lane with a red ball.
A man sits on a chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands.
They continue dancing together in the room.
A woman wearing gloves is in front of a sink.
She then scrubs the sink until it is clean.
A man stands in front of the camera, then starts combing his hair forward.
Instruction tell views to mold hair.
More instructions appear on the screen.
The man brushes his hair with a brush.
We see the scene go dark and the writing appears on the screen.
A horse runs wild with a trainer chasing after it.
A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns.
The horse is let out of the coral by the cowboys.
A motorcyclist is in the bed and is woken up by an alarm clock.
He exits the casino and the closing credits show up on the screen.
A close up of a weight is shown.
A screen with a logo and contact information is shown.
The dog pulls the lady down the street.
Female swimmer jump off into the water at a swim meet.
They quickly race down the swim lanes.
She shows the hairspray bottle again that she has used on the model.
They then demonstrate how to hang a strip of wallpaper onto the wall.
A man watches on the side as the men continue to play with more people stopping to watch.
The hula hoop is seen sitting next to a shirt.
The women begin to use a water hose to clean off the soap.
Many people are in bleachers in the background walking around, sitting and watching.
He walks away as another man in the same uniform approaches.
More shots of the people exercising are shown as well as climbing rock walls and several push ups.
The man begins to play the recorder.
the  man sweeps the floor and spread cement again to put the tiles in the remaining part of the room.
We see two kids on a camel at a carnival.
We see the mom taking pictures of the kids.
The ending card is shown.
There is one man who's in the room with two other men and he lifts up a weigh that weighs over 400 pounds.
Next he lifts up a weight that is heavier than the last one.
A bull charges them and knocks them to the ground.
A woman scrolls through a digital screen, then is seen riding the elliptical.
Dozens of people are shown in various clips riding along waves in the water as well as people sitting in the water from behind.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment with a man and leads into a person bring out a dog and petting the dog.
Finally, You put the gift inside of the paper and fold the paper around it nicely and tape it down and you have a pretty wrapped present.
a man is seated, talking to the camera.
He is wearing a suit and tie with a colorful background.
A guy is standing on a beach flying a kite.
The guy continuously looks away from the kite's position.
The man shows his face again with the shaver putting cream on and beginning to shave.
Many bystanders are walking by, cars are passing and casually moving along.
He rides with one of his hands on his gun and the other steering the horse.
As the game continues,the kids run back and forth across the field and the coaches trail behind them.
It is shown again in slow motion.
A boy looks around a corner and gets down on the ground.
There's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar.
He is demonstrating the correct way to row the boat while staying afloat.
He is showing how to do the strokes with the oars to go against the water current.
A woman on a wheelchair begins speaking and the words on the screen say her name is "Agnieszka Kachel".
He laughs at the camera.
He rubs his face some more.
The girl mounts onto the horses back as she continues to brush the horses neck and mane.
There is text that appears on the screen describing what she has to do.
A bar let's go and the men ride around a long track on the bikes behind one another.
The woman then uses a shovel along some dirt.
The man finishes his song and stops.
A young lady roller skate on the road in the forest.
A man is seen riding on a treadmill followed by several images of the treadmill and a man taking pictures.
The marching bands are in positioned in the field.
The ladies with flags moved their flags up and down and rotate them as the band plays.
People are seen laying on beaches as well as speaking to one another and riding behind boats.
They put their hands up next to their face.
A Howcast logo is the opening scene of the video.
She then describes the brushes she uses.
man is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece.
te man in the room is playing the harmonica.
They continue dancing as they fling their sticks and catch them in their hands as they coordinate themselves.
They are clearing a path down a sidewalk.
He finally walks back up the lane.
A person is seen riding down a snowy hill followed by a man working on a machine and pulling paper out.
The camera zooms in on the machine and the man takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine.
He shows off the ski while continuing to use them on the machine and showing off how they look.
men are assembling three bicycles on living room.
A man talking about how to work out in a certain position.
After a series of these action shots, the video then moves to a man speaking directly into the camera, with the logo of the show appearing as it ends.
The woman exercise on front the ocean spinning the stick on her neck.
Then, the woman throws the stick on the air.
The artist continues drawing all over the person's leg while looking up every once in a while to the camera.
She is enjoying herself running around in the playground.
A male gymnast hops up onto bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
A man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room.
They go through extremely steep and dangerous dirt roads at high speed.
She looks in a mirror in front of her.
She continues wiping her face.
There's a woman long black hair looking in a mirror and brushing her hair.
A bartender begins speaking to the camera and pours ice into a glass.
Finally she mixes all the components together and creates a nice alcoholic beverage.
On a river outside the boys are walking down the street as cars pass by.
We see a lady fall while sitting on a bench.
Several people are out snow tubing down a snow caped slope.
An athlete climbs on the pommel horse to perform jumps and flips.
a man is riding a horse in a rodeo and catch a bull while in stands people are watching them andother man in a hse are on side of the court.
The three then perform a dance routine while the people in the audience follow from behind.
He rides off on the little deer john tractor while the others continue raking.
A large off-roading truck drives by along a dirt track next to a body of water and comes to a stop.
A worker and some assistants approaches the vehicle with a spare tire, and some men begin to jack up the rear of the truck to try to replace the rear passenger side tire.
She is then shown in video form as her long hair is cut off in the style of a ponytail, meant to be donated to a group called Locks of Love.
He raises and lowers the kettle bells.
A man stands behind a bar with several mixed drinks.
We see the boy playing in an indoor porch at the house.
He tosses a ball a great distance, and walks away.
He skateboards wearing a white shirt while jumping over a small cement wall.
Then he jumps over another wall while skateboarding.
A person is drinking from a coffee cup and looking away from the camera.
There are two techniques used, one with an ax and one with a hammer and ax.
When he is done, he checks the blade before lying the knife back down.
The child skis down a slope with other people at various points along the trail.
Women are dressed up in fancy clothing.
The little boy goes and kick down all the castle parts that they were creating.
A man is hanging on a rock wall and talking to the camera.
He continues climbing up the wall and where to position your feet and how to push.
They are dragging a person on water skis.
A man is playing the hand drums in a living room.
A boy put his surfboard on the rives,jump on and surf, then fell, also other boys surf.
The fire begins to spread through the twigs and wood sticks and bursts into large flames.
We see the green opening screens.
We then see a person shovel snow with a pusher.
We see kids talking to the camera.
We see a gate open and kids start riding.
We see a coach standing with kids.
We see another coach standing with kids.
The boy walks away from the tray and an adult starts cutting.
The adult stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly,the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away.
The people continue mixing drinks with one another and presenting them to the camera.
A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it.
The player hits the ball three more times.
The other player hits the ball over the net.
The players teammate dives to hit the ball.
A man adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face.
A man stands in front as the group begins pulling the rope to one side.
The girl spins, sits, slides, and twirls as she performs.
A man is doing some paperwork while some other men are standing in the background next to a projector screen.
A large number of kids inside a gym are practicing breakdancing.
The kids are inside a classroom watching a presentation by the man seen earlier.
An intro leads into a small child riding a dirt bike on a dirt path.
Several shots of the boy grown up are shown followed by more footage of the boy riding a dirt bike.
People stand on the border of the diving boards and they dive while in the water.
The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck.
The black man uses a clipper trimmer to trim his beard and face.
The black man washes his face and beard and displays an array of accessories and applies them to his face and beard.
A person wearing a blue shirt is sitting on the floor welding.
He also has protective gloves on that are brown in color.
She takes the vacuum and vacuums up the mess.
A truck is seen parked in front of a house with several shots of the house shown.
The outro appears and it's the same black screen with the logo and text as it was for the intro.
Three girls are sitting on the beach, making a mound with sand and water.
They use a bowl to form a mold.
The man walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day.
She places apples and sugar into the blender with ice, and blends them together.
She then pours the mixture into two glasses while she continues talking.
There are people standing on a frozen body of water and are looking into a small hole that has a fishing wire in it and they watch it as it bobs up and down.
a person is in a yard sweeping dry leaves.
old woman is agani alking and back in studio talking to the camera.
A female weight lifter is preparing to lift a barbell.
The man is standing above water before he goes scuba diving.
He's underwater along with a few other people where there's shells and rocks in the sand.
man is sitting in a music store playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar.
Multiple men are loaded onto a crane boom bucket.
When three men are safely aboard, the crane begins to lift them up in the air slowly.
One at a time the men jump out of the boom and hang above a small body of water.
The words "Big thanks to River Guide J-Rod" appear on screen.
A person competes solving a cube puzzle behind a chronometer, while a woman takes notes and watch the person.
The person solves the puzzle, then he stands, raise his arms and walk.
Suddenly, the person runs making thumps up and pose for a picture.
Then, They start to hit balls rying to make it through the obstacles.
A group of four girls jump rope.
The first group of people jumps rope with a fourth person.
A team of four in black and yellow jump rope.
The cowboy got off the horse and chase after the cattle, when he catched the cattle he tied the cattle.
The camera shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking.
A man rides a four wheeler in a field.
A man holding a bow and arrow is talking and demonstrating features on the bow he's holding.
The website scrolls across the screen again and the man fires three more arrows.
a man and a woman are in a field doing shots and playing with the small pain balls.
She then shows how to use a stepper to exercise, stepping on and off, side to side.
Some men are playing pool as three boxer dogs watch.
A dog is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands.
As to look like the dog is part human and doing human like stuff.
After that he grabs a cup of coffee to drink.
A woman sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face.
She uses a large brush to apply powder to her face.
A camera pans out a wooden table with a boy with glasses showing it off.
They are playing a sweeping game.
The scene is repeated in slow motion.
A man in a white shirt is standing next to parallel bars.
A boy jumps onto the parallel bars and starts swinging back and forth.
He continuously dips the object in cleaner and cleans all around the glass while using a rag close behind.
Talking head interspersed with shots from the water illustrating the technques he talks about in his talking head shots.
The man's jump is shown several times from different camera as he jumps off the side and back up again.
We see two roof images side by side.
We see the roof up close and see moss growing on it.
A person stands on his hands on a trampoline above a swimming pool, then the boy flips in the air and dives into the water.
Another man plays ping pong across a blue ping pong table with a white, metal, robot.
The man holds the boys eyes open while he laughs and brushes his teeth.
A woman peforms before a court on a basketball gym.
She is a majorette, flipping and throwing her baton into the air.
A group of people wearing all of their hockey gear are standing or kneeling on the ground while the look at a man who is standing and talking without a helmet on his head and the words on the screen say his name is "KEVIN WEEKES".
The man begins to demonstrate multiple different moves near the goal and he continues to talk throughout all of the demonstrations as the rest of the people watch him.
A screen appears with a backdrop of clouds on top and hockey rink at the bottom with the logo in the middle and the words "HOCKEY SKILLS".
She shows off the bottle of honey as well as a bowl of water and a towel.
She shows her hair pulled back.
She holds up a cat.
She returns to lathering her face and waits in anticipation.
While she waits, she plays some instruments and with her cat.
The girls flips, then runs, flips and dismounts.
Limes are juiced and then combined with water and sugar.
He walks up to the board and reaches for it.
Men are shown inside a car garage, soaping down a car with a sponge.
They use rags to wipe it clean and detail the inside of the car.
We see a little girl putting makeup on her face at a toy vanity.
men are standing on a sandy area walking.
man is talking to the camera and standing on a podium.
She begins mopping the hardwood floor.
A man in a blue shirt picks up a child.
A woman is riding a bike down the street, then others are shown as well.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while showing off her nails and leads into her holding up a contact lens.
The girl then pours liquid out into a container and them demonstrates how to properly put in and take on a contact lens.
Once the cement is done all the men start to do finish.
An older man is shown standing behind a swing set while pushing a small girl back and fourth.
A young girl is seen putting makeup on outside while other people on the side watch and also play with makeup.
A kite is flying in the sky.
A little girl is holding the string of the kite.
She's walking backwards and talking to someone while watching the kite.
There is a woman that is standing in the corner and recording him the whole time.
We zoom in on a shirtless man juggling.
Then, a man holds a javelin and runs to throw the javelin, then another athlete also shoot the javelin.
We see a title screen again.
We see the men working on roofs.
We see two screens with men working on roofs side by side.
A man talks inside a car dealer.
A tall garage building is shown in the dark and then several teen age boys appear skateboarding in the inside of it.
They aim at various objects.
The man then begins to lead a dance class in front of the group of people.
He seems to win over and over again.
woman is standing behind anoter drying her hair combing it and talking to the camera.
A male player in yellow and black shirt is carrying a small kid who is wearing the same shirt while they are being interviewed by the reporter who is wearing white shirt and holding a microphone.
Different teams in different uniform colors are playing soccer in the table.
People begin to cheer for her and her replay is shown,and her score of approximately 28 is shown across the bottom of the screen.
A girl in a red shirt is playing hopscotch.
Inside a man and a woman are playing a game of raquet ball.
This is a game she really enjoys to play, its a hobby.
A girl is seen rollerblading down a long road with several people walking around her.
A man is seen stretching on the floor followed by people fencing with one another.
They continue fighting back and fourth and end by walking away.
A large black dog is walking down the street.
The man and woman perform a dance.
The man spins the lady around.
The dances finish and take their bows and shake hands.
He then lays on his back on the ground.
the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog's hair.
woman comb the black dog's hair and plays with it.
blonde woman holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs.
A camera zooms in on various foods and ingredients as well as a pan on a stove.
He then turns on the water and and washes his hands.
A man is cutting his beard with scissors.
Then they leave the stage with only the violinist performing as she continues to dance and play the instrument.
one girls swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another.
The person vacuums a carpet in the hallway of a home.
The man raises his right arm and reaches to the ground with his left hand.
A large yard is seen covered in snow with a person walking into frame.
The man clears out all the snow and shows off a path in the end.
A man is mowing his lawn around a tree in front of his house.
The field has people in the, a man is running.
The woman raised the circular metal and she started to swirl around and threw the metal.
She swirl around and threw something towards the field.
The video instructor, Stephanie is talking about a hair tutorial.
She then explains how to blow dry the hair to get the finished look on the model.
A man walks into a room playing his bagpipes.
He stops playing his bagpipes.
A man in Sesame Street costume is riding a recumbent bike.
Two men are rappeling up the side of a steep rock cliff.
The man continues speaking and text is shown across the screen.
man carrying a lawn blower is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street.
The woman then moves onto a large silver silver shaker and begins putting alcohol and other liquids in it, covers it with a small clear cup and begins shaking the contents.
When she's done shaking the liquids, she empties the ice and water from the martini cup, then fills it with the liquid from the shaker, puts a lime on the edge, pushes the martini glass forward and smiles.
The last screen appears with a red background and the website displayed in the middle.
A pile of kindling flanked by rocks is shown.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while people practice basketball drills intermittently.
Two men play pingpong using different tricks.
He uses a battery to hit back, and then uses a different tool.
The man breaks an egg with the ball.
The man is filmed uploading the video to YouTube.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a razor up to his face.
The man then shaves his face around the sides and ends by still speaking to the camera.
The yellow and blue team go on to make a series of goals, sometimes sliding after the final kick, with the audience standing for them each time a goal is made and wearing yellow shirts.
A camera pans all around a beer pong table as well as people talking and speaking into a microphone.
Several shots are shown of people playing the game and cheering with one another.
They all stop around the same time and the people watching continue to be very rowdy.
A man on the right takes a photo.
The lady then lays on her back and puts her hand across her chest.
Different shades of nail polish are applied to a foam pad then dabbed on the finger nails.
A clear coating is coating is applied onto the nails.
A person enters the gym.
Then someone grabs the rope on the camel to guide the camel to the right place.
More shots of people wiping out in the end are shown as well as people talking to one another in a circle.
More games are shown of people playing tug of war.
There are lots of people of all ages around doing different things at the fair.
Words are shown on the screen.
All the men start laughing, pull the table off of the man, and only one of the men go to help the person up.
A man is seen interviewing another man on camera and leads into several groups of people playing shuffle board.
Two woman are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground.
The young girl falls over.
He spins as he climbs on and off.
The man then jumps over the wave.
People are standing on a blue mat.
A man opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way.
The boat turns and we no longer see land in the background.
A man walks over to help the lady in the lake.
This is innocent fun during summer nights when you're bored and the fair is in town.
The woman gives the man a hug.
A large arena houses many people.
Poles are set up in the arena.
He melts wax onto the bottom of the ski and irons it.
The man eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole.
He swings his arms up to celebrate and others around him clap for him.
A lady stands with a pot and shows an area of a wall.
in the background man is cooking in the back counter.
They started hitting each other on top of the ladder.
Various shots are shown of large crowd celebrating in the distance and people riding motorcycles around.
The people continue riding around in slow motion as the camera captures their movements.
A cartoon animation is shown with various hands and lobsters and demonstrating how to play rock paper scissors.
We see a man riding on the back part of the snowboard.
We see a person in a bright pink jacket .
A man is snowboarding with bare arms.
A cat is laying on its back on the couch.
A person picks up the cat and lays it on their lap.
A group of kids are seen practicing various cheer leading moves in a gym as well as woman speaking to the camera.
Several shots are shown of the girl's outfits as well as them demonstrating moves.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him climbing along a wall.
The man picks up his fallen hat in the ring.
The man jumps on the wall to avoid the bull.
Someone is running on the beach towards so sand castle competitions.
The goalie is shown falling to the ground while making a save.
The game ends and the girls give high fives.
A man is standing outside in his front lawn with his mower.
He starts mowing his lawn finally going up and down the lawn.
A tool is being shown by a man holding it.
The metal is used to sharpen a knife in front of him.
When they are all cleaned and taken out and placed in the oven as the man takes a sip of alcohol.
They explain the power, thrill, fun, grace, flying, friends, freedom, and love of horseback riding.
Then they show the highlights of competitive riding.
A small child is seen standing before a set of monkey bars.
The boy then pushes himself along across the monkey bars.
A woman is now sitting and talking while holding a clarinet.
The woman then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds.
The woman once again stops playing and begins talking while using her hands a lot and holding it in front of her face and etc.
A man in gray long sleeves talks in a stage of Ultimate Guinness  World Records.
A young table tennis player is standing in front of  table with spectators behind her.
She steps onto the board and starts wind surfing.
She holds onto the kite of the wind surf.
The people continue moving their arms and legs around together to move their bodies and obtain exercise.
A person named Donal Cusack explains what hurling is and what is comprises of.
A lady in black jacket is posing for the camera, then a man with medium length hair is shown, the man touched her hair to check on it, then the girl blow dry her hair.
Several people are seen sitting in tubes at the top of a hill.
The men all finally ride down the hill together while getting out in the end and laughing with one another.
A group of surfers are on their boards surfing waves.
A little girl is playing with a toy hair dryer.
She turns around and smiles.
A woman does a dance with a hulahoop.
the man wears stilts on his feet.
The words "2014 FIM MOTOCROSS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP MXGP" appear on screen followed by social links.
A view of a very large diving platform with different heights is shown and people around the pool are walking.
A person on one of the platforms dive into the pool.
The men take turns bungee jumping from the bridge.
She pulls out a pink sweater to iron.
They run through the field quickly and attack one another using the paint gun.
A girl swings her stick away at a pinata.
A group of people watch her from behind and cheer her on.
She continues to swing away at the pinata and the object moves back and fourth in the wind.
He continues speaking to the camera while running around a neighborhood and people showing off his movements.
A woman chef is demonstrating how to make restaurant style pasta.
She sautes chopped onions and some Italian dressing along with garlic on a saucepan.
She sprinkles grated Parmesan cheese over the Alfredo pasta to finish off.
A close up of food is shown followed by a person putting various ingredients into a mug.
There are two women dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop.
They are in a spacious room with little furniture and hardwood floors.
The man does shoulder dips on the set of parallel bars.
The boy continues washing his face as a woman in a light colored dress garment walks past him.
A person uses a leaf blows and blows leafs.
The person playing does the same several times.
An intro leads into a horse tied up to a calf with a man roping a rope around the animal.
A man wearing a ghost shirt is playing a game of beer pong.
The woman places a teddy bear in a bowl.
The woman blows glitter papers from the palm of her hand.
He continues playing the drums.
Another person is drumming beats on an electrical drum set that has several drums.
a big burguer is in a table.
An intro of text leads into several clips of athletes throwing javelins off into the distance.
The man in the black suit spikes the ping pong ball and celebrates.
The camera scene switches to show the players from another perspective, the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball.
The man in the black suit is using nunchucks to play ping pong, they now have 4 players playing against him, the man in the black suit taunts them by reading a book while playing, he also pauses the ping pong balls, takes a sip of water and resumes The man starts laughing at them, and the men are frustrated.
A final challenger arrives and walks towards him.
A man pass on front a clock.
Two men are standing on a field behind a row of houses.
The ball is thrown back to the batter, and he continues the game of cricket with his team mates.
The topic of the video shows how to play foosball.
Then, a clip is shown of two boys playing with the foosball table, one of whom is reading a magazine while playing.
Another group of kids poses holding up peace signs.
A young boy bounces a dodge ball.
A group of kids in blue all run toward the center of the gym.
A little boy runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them.
Another youth skateboard on the road while making turns.
A boy holds a skateboard on his hand.
The men sit on either side of the wall looking for each other then stand up and face each other.
A man talks in front of a paintball park sign.
Now two more teams approach and the captains play Rock,Paper,Scissor to determine who will start the game.
He instructs the boy on how to turn the mower and go around a small tree.
The woman shoes off the dolls hair.
We see a bartender behind a bar add ice to a glass.
President Clinton plays the saxophone on stage with a band.
Two people are demonstrating Tai Chi.
The instructors wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in Tai Chi.
We see the man illustrating break dance moves.
After,the object is demonstrated on the corner of the walls and then the plaster is washed off in the grass.
A man competes in a strong man competition and stands on a log chopping it with an ax in hand.
A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee.
There are five bikers wearing helmets standing ready to start a race.
A man exercises by doing animated stretches in a doorway while holding a tennis racket.
The man becomes irate as he plays and begins stomping, yelling, wildly gesturing and pushing the woman down on the floor when she falls as they play the game.
When the game ends the woman leaves, looking upset and the man looks satisfied as he begins doing wild stretches in front of the doorway and talking to another person.
Three men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker.
She leans forward, waving away the camera man as she tries to take a drink.
A man is seen grabbing a puck and curling along the ice in front of others.
A group of men do freestyle running jumps throughout the city.
They are doing zumba dances using steppers.
She draws a face on the outside before using a knife to begin carving out the face of her pumpkin.
Finally she places the top back in place, and puts a candle inside.
As the camera zooms out a young boy and another woman to the side are also seen hula hooping while people behind run past.
The camera angles down to just the two women's hips with the hula hoops as in the beginning and back up to mostly just seeing Michele's face.
Michele now runs and jumps into a jumprope where she fails to successfully jump in the jump rope twice, both times looking embarrassed.
She runs all the way back down the field, giving high fives to random people on the field at her arrival.
More shots are shown of her riding the equipment and changing the settings on the front.
Two young guys stand together and hold up money.
The young guys talk to a homeless man and shake his hand.
The men hold an arm wrestling contest standing on an outside patio.
Finally the instructor teaches the girls to extend their legs and perform a proper move.
They jump and kick at each other.
A man is shown bullfighting in front of a crowd.
The man falls and is run over by the bull.
one jump the guy knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it.
the guy knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
Guys pulling the left side of the rope falls to the ground.
The guys let go of the rope, get off the lawn, and hug in celebration.
The men are competitive as they play using feet and head and chest to move the ball around.
A person hits a ball and teammates cheer followed by more people playing the game.
They finish wrapping and taping the ball.
they take the camera and start to talk into it.
He nails in a metal piece that runs along the corner of the roof and building to help keep things in place.
The man is now in an enclosed ad small racquetball court area and he's going through the motions of hitting a ball with his racquet with the words "not recommended" in the upper left corner.
Another entrepreneur talks with the the reporters about the coffee business.
People are constantly driving their bumper cars and bumping into things until the ride is over.
He is using a red can of spray paint to demonstrate how to paints a cream colored sofa with red paint.
He then places one unpainted of the seat cushions back on the sofa.
A man replaces a tire on his bike rim using tools.
Men blows dead leaves pushing a leaf blower machine on the ground or holding a machine on the back.
Another man explains while other men vacuum and blows leaves.
We see a title card on black.
One person is riding a bike and the other a skateboard while the camera follows close behind.
Beach goers stand and walk along the shoreline in bathing suits.
A teen explains how to flip and turn a surfboard with the feet.
A man is seated in front of a small canvas.
He then fills the image with paints.
A man pours coffee into a mug.
The man pours the beer into the mug.
The man throws the curling stone as people sweep brooms in front of the stone.
We see people partying an lights flashing.
The audience members look on.
He takes a contact out of his eye.
The video leads into several shots of different people riding around windsurfing while passing one another.
The man runs holding up his stick celebrating.
People are playing the game of the price is right.
Two girls are standing on a grass field.
He throws them all and then he has to get over to get them all off.
He repeats this cycle a few times over and over again.
He pushes the scraper along the car while speaking to the camera.
Then the man jumps rope doing squatting jumps and jump lunges.
They are playing a game of tennis.
He is running down the lane and the he jumps 3 times into the sand.
He continues to walk around cheering as it cuts to the crowd and announcers.
He blows a kiss to the crowd.
cars are driving in a snowy highway.
Another person pushes a disc towards the hopscotch.
The first man makes a funny face.
The man continues to demonstrate break dance moves and talk to the camera until he gives a peace sign to the camera and the screen fades to a marketing graphic.
The view blurs and white words on the screen appear in the middle and say "Killeen Daily Herald By Marianne Gish".
Various shots of strings are shown followed by knitting supplies and people knitting in a library.
Several people watch on the sidelines.
A large beach is shown as well as people standing around on the beach and looking at the sky.
A man in a black wet suit and carrying a surfboard is talking to the camera man, about to get in the water.
The video ends as the man in the black wet suit comes on shore after riding a wave and smiling.
The band resumes walking and so does the crowd around and behind them.
People are in the stands of an arena.
A bull gets drug out of the arena by horses.
A man raps along with a song.
She is playing the violin.
He throws one and makes it to the center of the board.
Every single shot makes it right in the center of the board.
Two men sit together at a booth and compete in an arm wrestling match.
She begins to do one handed cartwheels and swinging the baton around her neck.
We see two ladies arm wrestling.
An elderly white woman with short blonde hair and glasses begins talking in the corner of the gymnasium.
A camera with a caption is shown and leads into several people jumping off a bridge.
Another shot of people riding down a river on tubes is shown followed by large groups of people on the sandbars.
Next,fencing matches are shown between about 12 pairs of people and they line up and give each other a high five before huddling up and having a talk with their coach.
We see two men hug after the match.
We see a camera man right behind the table.
The girl continues singing with the band and ending by speaking to the audience.
They finish dancing and the audience claps.
A man talks to the camera in a close up view.
Scenes of the man getting serviced at a hair salon is shown, usually with other individuals in the background.
The man rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull.
Many people watch on the sides and one couple laughs and walk away in the end.
A close up shot of a bike is done while a man puts his gear on to ride.
We see men in a field cutting tall grass as other watch.
The camera pans right to show the other man working on the grass.
The ball rolls on the ground, the boy picks it up and hits it to the wall and once more the man hits the ball and the camera points to the ground.
She plays the drums and cymbals, keeping a fast beat.
The video displays several different parts of the car that is being worked on.
A man walks onto a diving board.
He jumps on the diving board several times and jumps into a pool.
Two young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins.
A person is seen riding a surfboard with a kite on top along the water.
The person pushes themselves up into the air and flips back down.
A second man walks up and shakes the first mans hand.
The two men inspect the wall.
The audience cheers more and leads into people throwing a ball and others hitting it.
Walking down the street holding onto a skate board the boy puts his board down and begins to skate.
While on the board they bend down with their hands behind their backs to build up some more momentum.
Water is salted and boiled for the pasta, and vegetables are sauteed in olive oil.
A hockey player talks in an interview on tv.
A woman stands in a stall with a horse with a grooming brush, she starts brushing it.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about playing tennis.
She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field.
A male gymnast runs, flipping back and forth across a mat.
The crowd behind them is cheering.
A gymnast in a pink outfit stretches before starting routine.
She begins her balance beam routine.
She does several flips and somersaults.
She is getting ready to dismount.
The credits of the video are shown.
The woman leads the girls in practicing the entire sequence.
A man falls off into the dirt.
A man takes his shirt off and throws it on the sand.
They start to play paper scissors rock to see who will win.
They have watchers standing by very stressed about how it will end up.
They just keep playing and one of the other characters starts to get really angry.
Two women are standing behind a young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done.
He demonstrates several moves as he goes.
A person wearing a costume is seen standing and posing inside a canoe and eventually pushes themselves down the river.
A gymnast wearing a red and white uniform prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise.
He does this multiple times adding more and more weight to the rack.
The dog does various tricks while catching the Frisbee.
A man swings a dog around on a toy.
We see an opening title screen.
We see step and a person carves the pumpkin.
He shows a beer bottle and some other alcohol cans.
There are three men standing near the campfire pit to demonstrate step three.
We see the man once again, who advises us not to ever grow up.
A toddler climbs a jungle gym, and then go down the slide.
After, an elegant woman smokes and then smile.
A person is playing a game of shuffleboard.
Two men that are matching each other are playing a game of racket ball.
They are in an indoor enclosed court area playing the game.
They are moving around all over the court trying to hit the ball.
The monkey driving the speed boat is shown again.
He is then seen in a shot holding on a stick and hitting a ball.
A man and a woman are standing by a piano.
The man and the woman play the piano together.
They switch places and continue playing the piano.
A woman sits by a window knitting a white piece.
The woman continues her knitting.
The woman shows off her work so far and continues knitting.
A large bow is laying on a table.
A group of people ride in bumper cars in a huge bumper car ride at an amusement park.
A man is running on a track with a javelin.
A man is sitting in a chair on the beach and is approached by another man, the first man gets up and applies lotion to the second man.
Five guys are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them.
One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back.
A group of swimmers cliff dive into a body of water surrounded by onlookers, large rocks, buildings and boats, in a judged competition.
Two swimmers hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies.
A well attended classical concert is shown.
The crowd applauds and smiles.
One member comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along.
The saxophonist bows and returns to her seat.
The little girl then puts on purple lipstick on her lips.
A close up of a strawberry is shown.
A woman is talking with an array of watercolors.
Several children stand in front of a cage.
A woman is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
Contact lenses are shown on a hand.
guys are having a paint ball fight with each other.
A guy explain how to hide and protect yourself when in the filed,How to crawl ,where to place your foot and hands when crawling.
She holds another picture beside her and pushes the brush into paint.
Two men pull on the rigging seated on the small sailboat.
The man in red crawls to the man in blue and pins him winning the match.
We see a replay of the match.
Scuba divers swim through a cave area.
A tropical beach is seen.
A manta ray swims in the ocean over a reef.
This elderly man is blowing the leaves out of the way using a leaf blower.
Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he's done half doing his job, he turns the leaf blower off.
The man spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field.
The person then begins building a large sand castle in front of them.
We see the title card on black.
We see a lady riding slowly on an elliptical machine and pulling the handles.
People are painting a wooden fence in a yard.
A dog walks behind them.
They continue painting the fence.
men are running on a side of the woman.
women enter to a room.
The woman turns back to the camera and talks again.
He rakes it out over the ground.
A large group of people are seen standing in a crowd yelling and playing a game of volleyball.
The group of girls continue to play while people cheer on the sides as well as cheerleaders.
Several clips are shown of people wandering around areas, looking to the camera, and skateboarding down a hill.
A crowd of people are at a stadium watching a bull fight.
Once laid to rest, another man comes and wraps something around his mouth to secure him as another set of men walk out guiding horses.
Two men spar in a karate practice match inside a gym studio.
Instead of using a lawnmower he is cutting the grass with a machete.
A lady with a orange and yellow cape and skirt then comes out from the side and starts to belly dance.
The woman then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people.
A person walks up to the bag near the man.
Slow motion shots of a man surfing are shown and the man continues speaking.
the boy does a bow and the video ends.
A close up of the competitors foot position landing on the white marker line is shown on a close up and the jump is shown in slow motion and at regular speed multiple times.
The camera pans around a large group of people playing a soccer match on a field with many people watching on the sides.
A person's hand then covers the camera and moves all around the area.
A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair.
The side is completely gone and when she moves from the back she goes underneath his body to remove that hair as well.
The man touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs a wire off a table.
The man strings the wire through the bikes brake system.
The team do jumping ropes where two females hold the end of the jumping rope, rotating them as the other team member jumped inside the rope and dance.
They take the filter out and empty it.
They unplug the vacuum and put it in the closet.
A little girl in a diaper uses a small vacuum.
He lifts up the shoe to show the camera.
The girls are preparing to bake cookies.
The girl in the black blouse turns and walks away dejected.
We see the tractor up close.
The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet, exposing the green floor.
The group of men put the carpet on the floor, they measure it, cut it and taped it.
When the new carpet is properly installed, the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked in the living room.
Katty Perry walks with a man in street, they she plays the piano, then she talks with the man.
A man hugs the boy who looks happy, and the boy walks around.
The boy jumps from a diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water.
The man get on the rope and the crowd applauded.
A man is seen looking to the camera and snapping his fingers.
However,the ball doesn't make it over the net,rolls back and he goes to get it.
He continues talking and playing until it switches exclusively to him playing the drums.
People are sitting work out machines.
They begin pulling a rope to work out.
A woman is standing next to a work out machine.
They are very dancing intensely.
Some of them spin in circles.
There are several people are watching them wrestle.
The woman is back in the room talking, then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs.
When she is done, she rakes her hand through her hair and brushes it into place.
The woman talks to the camera and mounts the horse.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera that leads into a man speaking to a group.
More people speak to the camera while the man demonstrates how to put air in a tire and well as taking it apart.
The dog is standing on the woman's back.
One is blindfolded before making a strike, then the other does hand stands on the equipment.
A dog is seen standing in a bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog.
The man then grabs a paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk.
A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a chef at an omelette bar making multiple omelets at the same time.
The man pours the omelettes on plates.
The individual releases the weight.
A man is dancing in a room.
He steps up and down on a small black stepping stool.
the man lands in the floor, greets and people applauds.
A man and a woman are in a room with several targets behind them talking.
Two pattern continues and then the girl comes back and is shown with bows behind her back before shooting at a target on the wall.
The men jump up, and begin doing martial arts moves around each other, simulating kicks and flips.
Then, the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan, also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan.
A large group of people are seen running along a field and leads into them playing a field hockey game.
The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside.
The lady stands next to a male.
The man waves and salutes.
The man washes his hand.
A bar of exercise equipment is shown in a living room.
A close up of an exercise equipment is shown followed by a man walking into frame and begins using the machine.
A woman is seen sitting in front of the camera and begins putting a contact lens in her eyes.
The woman keeps attempting to put the lens in her eye while looking around trying again.
The men crash with one hitting up against a log and leads into the tube being moved around and the person sitting back on.
The students mimic the instructors motions.
A animated page shows credits for the video.
A girl competes vault gymnastic in front the judges while spectators observe from the bleachers.
The gymnast approach to her coaches to talk and then they leave.
A large group of people are seen moving around a room performing an exercise routine.
A baby in a hat is sitting on a chair.
We see the title screens for the video.
We switch to a workshop and a list of tools.
We see a man adds a band on a ski and the ski sits on a contraption.
We see colorful wax and a man turning a dial.
The man pours wax and we get instructions before he irons the wax on the ski.
He does a flip off them and lands on a mat.
It is actually a piercing.
A group of photographers take pictures as a weight lifter shows up on stage and prepares his hands.
She is shown sitting on a rock while washing the little bit of clothes she has in the river.
A boy falls on the ground, and other people continue skateboarding.
We see the title cards on blue.
We see an interview with a man.
The ball lands on the ground.
The title card is shown and we fade out.
The boy speaks into the camera and continues pushing the snow around with a shovel.
A man jumps on parallel bars and does a gymnastics routine.
She jumps onto a set of uneven bars and performs a gymnastics routine consisting on flips and tricks.
She jumps off the bars in the end and waves her arms in the air while her coach claps for her.
A guy has a head injury and is blooding on the ice after he falls.
The girl then hops herself up on the beam.
Two people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room.
the word BRENMAR is in the center of the screen going around, then change to the word UNiiQU3 and Hoola Hoop.
women appears in a dark room with brilliant hoola hoops dancing and doing tricks, woman with yellow hair keeps dancing alone.
The man slightly moved forward.
This man is water skiing and he does it sitting down and standing up, except he's holding onto the handle bars backwards.
In the end he faces the camera towards himself.
Teens talk and make comments and a woman laugh.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by various ingredients laid out and him chopping up vegetables.
He pours liquid into the bowl and ends by presenting it on a plate.
Two adult men in helmets are teaching little boys how to play ice hockey.
A sign says superfresco easy on the screen.
He uses broad sweeps to completely cover the wall.
He catches waves but wipes out early on most of them.
Other surfers further out appear.
He rolls a big box into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside.
Again, he speaks to the camera.
He takes the bicycle for a ride.
Briefly, he speaks to the camera.
The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side.
The man use different types of tools to sharpen the knife such as machine and water stone.
A man holds a saxophone, then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking.
A man is playing with a dog on the grass.
he then flips and throws a Frisbee.
He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps.
He throws the Frisbee some more while the dog runs.
Another man is seen standing ready on the other side in front of a large audience.
The man then hits the ball over the net and bounces back on the other side.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in a shower and holding various objects.
A small group of girls are seen huddled up and begin moving around the field.
He rearranges the buckets once again and continues drumming.
A man is seen kneeling on a mat and demonstrating how to do a proper exercise but moving his arms and legs.
The man moves back and fourth while moving his arms and legs and speaking to the camera.
A pair of skis are in a workshop and a man is doing some work on them that included rounds rubbing wax on the skis, ironing the skis, scraping skis while words on the bottom appear throughout the entire process as it explains what is being done.
People grab rafts,and people on rafts fill a river.
A person falls out of their raft.
A man talks to the camera while intermittently raking leaves.
We see the man shoot three arrows and see the target.
The boy walks away and we see lady shoot two arrows and turn and kiss her hand.
The arrow uncaps the bottle.
They have a glass and a lemon on the table.
They pour it into a pitcher of water and make a drink.
When the men are done dancing they stand up together in front of the people and the priest, and they take their bow to the priest and to the people.
I man appears on the screen narrating the video about how to shave.
She laughs as a man helps her adjust the pipes, and continues to play.
A youth wearing a pink t-shirt skateboard on the street.
Teens skateboard in the street making tricks and turn.
Another man comes onto the stage playing the guitar and the lights go flashing.
When the man is done playing the bagpipe another man runs on the stage to grab it from him, and the man who was playing the bagpipe gets something to drink, then grabs a mic and starts singing and waving his right arm in the air.
When they are done playing a man and a woman are standing and talking at a mic while one man hands over a box to another man and they walk off the stage.
The same white screen from the beginning appears with special effects and lot of colored words then it fades to black.
People are playing lacrosse on a field of grass.
A man in a white shirt is talking to the camera.
A computer generated game of a man, he starts spinning.
He turns around quickly and lets go of the frisbee and the refs run up to mark where it lands.
The score shows up on the screen before he spins and throws again and then he cheers in excitment.
She does some movements of her body making her back bend down almost touching the ground while still jamming out on the violin.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and pouring out liquids into a case.
Suddenly, the boat turn over and all men fall in the water.
After, persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover the boat.
The man dips the lady.
The lady slides to the ground.
A man is seen dancing in a nightclub with two women around him.
The people dance around one another while the camera captures their movements.
A woman is looking down.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair speaking and waving to the camera and looks into a mirror showing her and the camera man.
A woman wearing a santa hat is talking.
Her hair is succesfully braided and she shows off the finished look.
A man in fencing gear begins to talk about fencing gear getting ready to talk about his fencing experiences.
He gets dressed in his gear and goes to the studio for practice.
A person is then seen riding a kite board on the water.
Then, the woman stops playing and smile.
They perform several moves, speeding up with time.
They stop, clapping and wiping the hair out of their faces when they are done.
A series of women are shown in close up of their faces.
A stylist is standing beside a girl seated in his chair.
He gives instructions on how to style her hair.
He uses a dryer to blow her hair, then clips it.
The credits of the video are shown.
An individual wearing face covering drags an inner tube type device along the snow, surrounded by other people doing the same thing.
The individual walks towards another individual wearing a red jacket.
The person in the red jacket pulls the device downhill and the first individual rides down the slope.
The first individual dismounts and resumes pulling the device.
Shortly after,a small brawl begins in the middle of the pool and a man in a black uniform nose begins to bleed and the game is at a halt and replays are shown.
A woman is seen standing next to a frozen car while looking away from the camera.
A young man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a cigarette.
A title screen leads into two women stepping up and down on a block.
The girls spin round and round then hope back up and then down on the beam.
Two teams are on a field with referees.
An older man is seen standing before two pucks while another person pushes them along the ice.
An intro leads into a man throwing darts onto a board.
He looks closely off into the distance and continues throwing darts.
The camera shows the board in the end and the man throwing it.
A woman sits on a riding lawnmower in the distance.
The woman drives the lawnmower towards the camera.
The person places two dumbbell shaped steel in opening that he is welding.
A Life Fitness logo then flashes on the screen.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Men are working on a roof.
The band is playing, while the man is singing, the drummer fell off the his chair.
The marching band play their drums, then one of the drummers fell on the ground, a person came to help him.
A drummer on stage fell of the stage.
The lady holds up papers and books.
The guy plays a harmonica.
The guy takes the flute from the lady and pretends to hit her on her chin.
The man continues swinging around on the uneven bars and jumping off to finish.
After, the man shows the buttons of the painting machine in the backyard.
Then, the man paint the fence with the hose of the machine while wearing a mask.
She goes back to the beginning, and swings across the bars again.
She cringes in pain as it enters her ear.
A guy is operating a electric presser.
A man is whipping with a dark rug.
The guy is gesturing at the machine's work.
An intro filled with special effects of different screens coming together appear and the end result is a square sign that reads "GETITSWEET GET IT SWEET 2014" and the color them is white, pink, dark pink, and brown with the effect of chocolate dripping from the top portion of the sign.
The person then rolls it and puts it on a piece of saran wrap that's next to the cutting board then wraps the saran wrap around it, rolls it a little where the instructions say to cool it for 30 minutes.
The last screen is a youtube promotion of the person's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on, and wording encouraging you to subscribe.
Two sumo wrestlers stand in an arena.
The winner stands tall on the arena.
A man in a collared shirt and glasses plays shuffleboard with metal pucks and a long wooden shuffleboard in front of a lit scoreboard in a room.
The man continues to play shuffleboard with a few onlookers in a room with a final visual shot of all but one of the pucks off of the shuffleboard.
The people are shown slowly jogging in this marathon.
The man then goes inside and starts talking.
A boy chases after the kite and catches is.
The woman takes an iron and starts ironing a white shirt in small circular patterns.
She resumes ironing with one hand in the same spot.
A boy speaks to a camera while holding a lacrosse stick and hitting balls into a net.
A close up of a fireplace is seen with the camera moving around the front.
The man lays plaster out on the front and begins putting tiling down over the plaster.
The video pans into several shots of people performing arm wrestling matches and screaming afterwards.
She lists out the tools you need and steps to brush.
A man and a small boy with high powered hoses wash cars followed by cheerleaders.
We see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch the car.
Another man is standing by watching him.
After a moment she begins to pretend that he is dancing with the mop.
A man in a blue shirt is playing basketball on a court.
A young boy attempts to break open a pinata at his birthday party inside a garage.
The buck stands in the clearing.
A man is working with a bow while another films the animal.
The hunter is photographed with the dead animal.
The camera pans around several tables of games being played as well as slot machines and people playing with one another.
The woman brushes the horses tail is lots of care as the girl watches.
man is sitting on a boat in a calm lake.
photo of a iver is shown and he car going through the haighway and arriving to a lake.
A woman is sitting on a rowing machine.
He stops and talks to the camera.
He sits up and continues talking to the camera.
The rest of the women stand up and join her jump roping.
A young child walks across some sand carrying equipment around her waist.
The man in gray out is standing in a room and started to rotate his hands forward and backward.
The man is swaying side to side and move his arms in front of him.
He then places a bow on the cat's head.
The baby takes the toothbrush and tries herself.
The blade is shown very close to the skin as the man shaves him carefully, rinsing between scrapings.
The camel lifts up an the trainers and other friends stare on.
She pets it and the video ends.
The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle's legs.
The cattle rises and runs away.
A person in a holding a Rubik's Cube.
The person starts to solve the Rubik's Cube.
A man came up to him and assist him, the boy hit the pinata once.
A wrestler in maroon brief is  provoking the black man.
The black man attacked the other wrestler but he was knocked down.
There are some people playing beach volley ball in the sand on a sunny day with several people watching them.
The players continue playing the game by punching the ball across the net.
The box is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box.
More wrapping paper is then pulled out and wrapped around the now covered box in the center.
On the counter,appears several more rows of rapping paper and tubes.
After they are cut out,they are placed on the end of the tubes and stacked together to give the illusion of fire wood.
We see a black opening screen.
We see a title screen then two men stand on the beach with a camera.
We see the surfers in the ocean.
We then see the surfers in the ocean.
A group of people are seen playing a game of soccer in an indoor field while a group of people watch on the sides.
Boys faces are seen up close in an intense facial expression.
He rolls a tire over to a piece of equipment.
He shows how to mount the tire onto the equipment.
A woman is talking inside an office.
A man runs and does a successful pole vault.
A camera pans around a park as well as a lake and a man speaking to the camera.
A girl raises her hands in the air.
A woman is chopping up a potato.
She adds lemons and lettuce and cucumbers to the bowl.
The man loads another arrow.
A man is seen speaking into a mike that transitions into a close up of a beer pong table as well as people playing.
He walks back and fourth preparing to jump and eventually jumps over a pole.
A girl claps for him and the same move is shown again in slow motion.
Throughout the whole time she's making the drink the website pops up from time to time at the bottom of the screen, then the outro screen appears with a two tone red diagonal background of thick stripes and the website in the middle reads www dot GirlsMakingDrinks dot com.
She pours water on the knife sharpener and continues sharpening the knife.
Men appear in a field with bulls and the words "Bullfight Laos" appear on screen.
The bulls are encouraged to fight with their horns while the people watch.
The baby stops and takes something off his hand.
We then see ladies playing beer pong against a team of men.
We see the ending screen.
The men are kicking the ball away from each other.
Two wrestlers meet at a table inside a wrestling ring.
A dog is running by a lake.
A person is sitting in the water.
A large group of people are seen running down a field playing a game of lacrosse.
A man is seen flying the large kite while others watch him on the side.
A young boy is seen stretching in a circle while taking his shirt off and looking off into the distance.
The boy is holding a long stick and wearing a blindfold.
The woman stops spinning the boy and aims him at a pinata hanging from the ceiling.
The boy finally gives up and takes the blindfold off.
The man attempts to blow smoke rings.
The man reaches to turn the camera off.
The camera zooms in to show the car's front right wheel.
The camera zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car, then the camera moves to show the left side of the car.
She performs belly dancing moves.
The person laugh and the woman approach her.
A person prepares to bungee jump over a body of water while onlookers watch from the ground.
The person is sitting down, first, strapped into bungee jumping gear.
The person stands at the edge of a wooden jumping surface as onlookers watch from the ground.
A man dips a sponge into a bucket.
A lady has a cake turned upside down she puts back in the tray.
The lady slices parts of the cake and flips it again.
The lady cuts the edges off the cake.
The dog is seen walking on it's two legs and hops down in the end.
We see a man in red run on the screen and walk back.
They cannot get the lens in at the eye at first and try over and over again.
They eventually succeed in getting the lens in but the girl stands up as thers laugh.
The male does it again and more girls in the restaurant begins to kiss him.
There's a man in the swimming pool playing water polo.
He throws the ball across and the people sitting by the pool and watching him play cheer loudly.
A boy runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball.
A man and a woman are shown sitting at a table with a cigarette in her mouth and their arms crossed at one another.
A seated man looks at a clipboard.
woman is wearing a purple shit lifting weight.
She begins to preform complicated stunts, such as hand-stands, flips, and the splits while jumping rope.
Many people are sitting on the sidelines, some watching as an audience, some are judges, some are filming the event.
The guy  does a flip with the rope.
The guy gets up and walks away.
We see a man looks in the camera and opens his mouth as a group of people walk past.
The lady shimmy's and bends down to the ground and back up.
One man runs forward and a large cloud of smoke spins around and a man waves his arms in the air while another helps.
People are sitting down in chairs playing drums.
He shaves stars into his head.
A woman is seen looking at the camera then crying and hugging a group of people.
Shots of people playing shuffle board are shown followed by people celebrating and the woman speaking to the camera.
A young boy is standing in the grass swinging a bat at a pinata.
People are watching the boy.
We see a GoPro and the title card.
We see the people underwater swimming around.
There's a sandwich that is still whole and has been cut in half into a triangular shape and white words pop up on the screen noting that it's a "Reuben sandwich".
An introduction of 6 different small videos of foods appear and there's text below that say's "Steve's cooking".
A finger dips into the bowl to get a sample out and mixing continues for a bit longer.
A group of men are playing soccer.
One player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal.
A lady in white stripes shirt is standing next to a young boy, they are standing at the counter, they cut the side of the bread, put spread on it, roll the bread in a plastic, cut the side of the bread, put meat on the bread, shredded the cheese, roll the bread in the plastic.
She stops playing and puts her arm down.
A person shaves the back legs of a man using a shaver while he is lying face down.
After, the person uses a machine on the legs, and then a picture shows the legs before and after shave.
A woman behind a fence watch a group of players in a field.
An old lady pass behind the woman.
A man puts a tire over a machine and rotates the rime.
Then,the man uses a tool to loose the rime, then the machine removes the rubber tire.
The man goes into a group of people before another man, then another are shown going downhill on the street riding their skateboards.
Men are lifting heavy weights over their head several times.
A man in a blue shirt is watching one of the men.
A large group of kids are seen practicing basketball drills on a court and passing the ball quickly to one another.
Several boys make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys.
He walks away and more drills are shown with the boys.
Several close ups of plants are shown with a man walking into frame and speaking to the camera.
The man continues pushing dirt around and ends by watering all the plants.
Two men are fighting in an asian art form outside.
Many people watch on the sidelines and more people continue to show tricks with their dogs.
He demonstrates a key around his neck and points to his trumpet.
He then sticks his paddle in the water and begins moving along.
They begin to blow the leaves in the yard.
The girl then swings the stick around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times.
The men wearing yellow and blue shirts pick up the rope and are getting in position to play tug o war.
The men in the yellow and blue shirts are easily pulling the rope and they have won while the people around them cheer.
Someone shuffles cards onto the table.
A man pushes a broom behind them.
They continue playing cards at the table.
A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved.
A person puts a white towel over the man's face.
He then shaves the mans beard with a razor.
A young girl shows his long hair until the waist.
The woman is then seen using the machine as well as adjusting the settings and continuing to run.
The second person begins to kayak and goes ferociously down the next steep hill of rocks and waits.
The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water.
The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge.
The javelin flies in the air and lands in the green track, then a man runs toward it.
Several pictures are shown of people shining shoes for others in various locations using rags and brushes on their shoes.
A door with red signs are covering it.
He sleds down the road behind a car, going around turns and falling down a few times.
Another man with a blue guitar is playing and knocking around all over his guitar.
The man then lathers his head and shaves it with a straight razor as well.
The man water ski in the water holding a rope pulled by a boat.
The man in gray gets on his knee on the blue mat.
The kneeling man stands up again.
He releases the cord, The credits on the video run.
A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl.
While the list of ingredients are shown that include: 1lb Figs, 1lb Raisins, 1lb Cherries, 1lb Currants, 1lb Prunes, Port Wine and Angostura Bitters; they are all poured into a white bucket.
The circular cake pan that was previous greased appears, and the stirred contents are poured into it and placed into the pan of hot water where they're all placed into the oven.
The man succeeds in breaking the pinata.
two men enter a squash court to compete in a game of squash.
Several pictures lead into clips of people riding down a river on canoes and kayaks.
The lady scrubs a garment on a wooden board.
The lady rings out the water from a garment then tosses it aside when done washing it.
The boy skates around the parking lot on inline skates.
A close up of a poker table is shown followed by the camera panning around to other tables in the area as well as people playing.
The camera focuses on a man piloting a sailboat in a harbor environment.
The man rights the sailboat and continues.
A van drives down a country road and pulls to the side of the road with a flat tire.
The woman puts a new tire on the car and bolts it in place.
The woman lowers the car wheel off of the jack.
A woman is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop.
She spins, jumps, twirls, and flips.
She moves back and fourth while stopping to speak to the camera and continue moving.
A young ballerina wearing a tutu is seen standing at a ballet barr performing various ballet moves and moving to the floor.
Another man throws a ball into a cup.
A man is standing in front of wires and puts on a welding helmet.
The man sands the corner where he was welding.
The ball strikes both pins and bounces into the adjoining alley striking the pin down there too.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about the winter sport curling.
A man scrapes snow off of the side of a car.
Finally he finishes clearing the car.
A little baby boy is sitting in his high chair dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult.
A christmas tree is shown followed by several people moving in fast motion hanging up a set of lights.
The man blows into the instrument while pausing to speak to the camera.
A special effect bowling theme intro appears and the text in the middle read "CHRIS HARDWICK'S ALL STAR Celebrity Bowling".
Clips begin to play and it includes various people bowling, talking, demonstrating bowling, giving interviews, hanging out, laughing, playing around, shaving facial hair, doing pushups, eating, feeding one another and etcetera.
We see a man jump over stairs up close.
The student jumps up from the kneeling position and lands on top of a stack of mat then lands on the ground.
People and dogs are walking down a trail.
Pink flowers on a bush are shown.
A bull is in a ring, looking at the bullfighters on the outside.
A bunch of fighters walk up behind it.
A man in a gray sweat shirt is standing at a bus stop.
Several more people are seen running down the track into a pit.
Team in white uniforms stayed at the court and cheered.
A bald man is standing next to the counter with glass and stirrer in front of him.
Hair styling tools are shown in closeup.
The woman interacts with a man in the salon.
Scenes of the woman with her hair being cut and styled are shown.
People are sitting in bumper cars crashing into each other.
A person is spraying the dog with a hose.
A man is shown point to a bicycle tire and cutting a piece of wire using pliers.
A woman is talking to a camera.
She puts the flute back down and nods her head.
A person is water skiing behind a boat.
They are going around yellow cones in the water.
She is exercising on a hardwood floor in the gym.
Two people are seen playing with one another while the camera shows the table in several spots and the boys high fiving one another.
More pictures are shown of people plastering with various text images shown inside.
A man is assembling a bike on a table.
He is putting training wheels on the back wheel of the bike.
He puts the pedals onto the bike.
A woman is pouring shots of alcohol into a glass of ice.
Two groups of men wearing uniforms, one with dark shirts and one with white shirts, are playing on an indoor volleyball court.
A woman is walking at the factory, then a person is drawing the vacuum in a white sheet.
The peels the ironed paper off and lays it down.
The person leaves the iron on a new brown paper.
A crowd watches as several runners in a race jog past.
A cat is in a woman's lap in the bathroom.
A woman is on a piano playing along with the child.
They have a small audience sitting and watching them perform.
A man dressed in a blue uniform is fighting against a male dressed in an all red uniform.
After,the referee drops down and pounds the mat counting down the end of the match.
A young woman speaks as she smiles.
She squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out a contact lens.
He then begins spinning himself around while judges watch on the sides.
The girl shoots the bow while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow.
There's a brown horse tied outside a polo club.
Another game of polo takes place where several spectators are watching.
After the event is over, the judge hands awards to the winners.
A belly dancer walks onto the stage from behind the curtains.
There are two people talking about stilts used by stunt men.
A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a stage with flowers hanging in the background.
She steps away from the horse and bends down.
The artist wears a pair of latex gloves and begins tattooing the client's arm.
We see divers underwater and see sealife and people on boats.
We see the ending title screen.
Several small children drive around in bumper cars.
The woman dumps a bucket of sand on the beach.
A fat women and a thin woman talk face to face in a beauty salon.
Then, the fat woman pass a device over the face of the thin woman.
The group then begins dancing with one another and leads into another large group of people.
People are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them jumping up in the end.
He continues talking to the camera and performing various tricks on his board throughout the area.
The woman begins dancing and goes in a circle a few times while the man watches.
They add the eggs in one by one while the mixer is still mixing and then they turn it off and add some more in.
She reaches for a towel and then turns the faucet one with one hand.
A group of men are outside in a large field on horses playing a game of polo.
Player number three takes the ball all the way to the end of the field and he is then trailed by four other people.
Several shots are shown of signs and landscapes and leads into a person tying a rope.
Several people are seen wandering around and smiling to the camera as well as climbing up a rock.
The two people hold out hands to begin an arm wrestling match.
The women compete in an arm wrestling match seated at a table.
He does the backward and forward diving moves as another young man watches him dive right into the pool.
Then another young man dives from the same diving board.
She showed her hand, then showed a sclera lenses, and put it on her right eye pupil, went closer to the camera to show her eye, then removed the contact lens from her eye by pinching it.
The man is very enthusiastically jumping up and down trying to keep the motivation going.
He is very into it as is the class and they are dancing in sync with each other.
A woman is on a court playing with a stick.
A man is standing on a stage performing different moves.
Women in leotards dance together in a line.
Women synchronize dance in the pool.
The boy begins to spin around.
The boy throws the shot put.
The man carefully touches the paint brush to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged.
The man then puts polish on a rag and polishes the table.
A woman is seen standing beside a girl sitting down brushing her hair.
The crowd cheers and applaud's loudly at the couple.
The presenter shows minced garlic, chopped onions and chopped red bell pepper, along with chopped parsley and one teaspoon of cumin.
She mixes everything with the three types of beans.
Afterwards he uses a bristled brush and scrubs the bottom of the ski.
A woman is standing behind a counter in a kitchen.
She takes the lid off of a pot of salad.
She takes the towel and puts it over the lettuce.
Several shots of plates are shown with food leading into a man preparing food.
The man then puts more food into a plate and spinning around ingredients.
He continues to put food onto a plate and ends by presenting it to the camera.
He also turns and lifts one foot in the air.
He grabs his skies and boards a lift.
He is then shown skiing down various hills and mountains.
A man is in the garbage and he brings out a suitcase and takes a bike out of it.
He begins to unravel the bike and start putting it all together.
Two men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub.
More close ups are shown of a gun as well as a man speaking to the camera and others socializing with one another.
A school of fish swimming in the ocean appears and the location and the description of the video is displayed.
It then switches to caves and it shows the outside, inside, and then the snorkeler back under water holding a flashlight to see as it's very dark.
man is putting hockey uniform.
They take turns inhaling and exhaling the smoke.
It is very sad these children are allowed to do this like its normal, they seem to enjoy it too.
A woman is seen holding onto a brush and grabbing a brush.
People sits on steps, after people are on boats in a river.
The teens follow the instructions of the man and row the oars.
There are shoes placed on the floor just lying there.
They begin to buckle the straps on the left shoe.
A man and woman are talking.
A man starts playing a harmonica.
The crowd watches him play.
snowy mountins are shown and people is doing snowboard  going down the hill holding poles.
a woman is playing with a cat and its in table with a nail clipper cutting the cat's nails.
More shots of her leading are shown in different areas.
He is standing in front of a house talking.
There are two people shown playing in a casino.
There are several tokens stacked up on the table.
Information on how to download the app is provided on the screen.
The outro video begins and it shows a hanging banner at the arena that reads "CALGARY STAMPEDE", a woman riding a horse and holding a red flag that say's "1912-2012 Calgary Stampede",and a calf is running across a dirt field.
A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies.
At the end, people relax on the boat.
People are playing badminton on a court.
She continues to pull out more objects while still speaking to the camera.
She flips and turns on the beam, changing between two beams.
She dismounts, throwing her arms into the air triumphantly.
The boat begins to speed up.
He finishes shaving his face and looks back smiling at the camera.
They quickly play drums before a crowd.
This man is trying to shoot the white ball on the pool table backwards.
We see a little girl painting a fence red.
A woman with black hair is explaining something.
The women removes the rolls from her hair.
Two people then get in the tubes and are pushed down the slopes.
A man walks into a room and grabs a bucket and returns with it.
We see a man in a bright shirt mix plaster in a bucket and spread it on a wall.
An athlete is seen walking into a circle and preparing himself to throw a shot put.
A shoe polishing machine sits in a living room.
The man approaches the shoe polishing machine and brushes his grey sneakers.
The man crouches down and pulls out a dust bin from under the polishing machine.
A large group of people are seen standing in a crowd when a man holding a set of bag pipes walks up and gives everyone the devil horns.
She talks to the camera the entire time as he inks her.
Afterward, she shows off her completed tattoo and speaks about it.
A man is standing in a gym.
A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food.
The woman is reporting while she is on the back of the camel.
A person opens a faucet and wet the hands.
After, the person rinse the hand thoroughly with plenty water.
The man solves the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and the screen goes black.
He holds the cat outside.
They board the plane before taking off, showing the runway and clouds in the sky.
Finally they are riding a boat in the coean, looking at a map and chartering the waters.
A person is seen moving along a pool while the camera watches from behind.
A man is then seen speaking to the camera and moving his arms around.
The video ends as the man comes up to the camera to turn it off.
After,she is pictured in her home talking while sitting on the couch.
The boy then picks it up and begins competing with four other males to solve it.
Once solved,the boy slams his arms against a black bar that stops the timer and the judge times him at 20 seconds.
The kids then get powder on their hands and the man chases them around and has fun.
The camera pans around an athletic woman standing ready and others watching her on the side.
We see a men fighting in slow motion.
He drops it to the ground.
Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon.
Then they add some more garnishing on top of the salad.
A man holds a hummer sits on the ground.
The people fight over the ball, and a small crowd claps and cheers.
A crowd is gathered around a black tiled area.
A man in black does some breakdance moves.
A wide shot of the polo field action is shown.
There are two Asian women standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom.
A black screen appears with the white letters and numbers that say EXAM 2012.
A blonde woman is shown sitting at a piano and as she begins to play a bunch of young women are shown dressed in their ballet gear and are dancing ballet on a stage while people watch them.
Some of the girls are shown putting on tutus that stick straight out, they walk onto the stage and begin dancing as their tutus that stick straight out bounce with them.
There are many vegetables around the sandwich.
A person puts cucumbers on top of the sandwich.
A man is shown smoking a cigarette continuously blowing smoke out of his mouth and looking into the camera.
He puts sunglasses on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette.
He pans the camera to a crack in the floor and back to his face smoking outside.
A person takes a knife and cut the ends of a potato, then the person peels the potato.
After, the person cut the potato in squares.
Runners are running down a city street in a marathon.
The child plays with the lawn mower while turned off.
a lo of people wearing black unifroms are running in the field fighting.
Two men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform, all as a photographer takes their photo from below.
He continues using the object as the camera man watches and finishes burning the object.
boy is standing in front of a door talking with other boys in front of a kitchen.
man walks to the living room in front of a ping pong table.
man is hanging from lianas on a tree on a park.
They speak to another couple defiantly and the men prepare to fight.
The yellow team tries to score and is blocked multiple times before finally scoring and a replay of this goal is shown twice.
She places the various ingredients into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely.
She then pours a sauce all over it.
She then speaks to the camera some more to offer tips on how to make the dish.
The screen opens up with an ACDC promo.
A little boy is speaking to the camera.
He stands up and begins to rap.
man is standing behind a counte behind the pool.
She does several flips forward and backward.
She dismounts, and he claps as she walks away.
He then stares at the shaver on his table, picking it up.
A girl is shown looking at several pictures of hairstyle and leads into another cutting one's hair.
A person is talking on camera while showing various tools on the ground.
The tire is now sitting on top of an object and they take it off.
A woman is doing a belly dance in the middle of the stage.
Sparks fly as he works, crouching down on the sidewalk.
He peels extremely fast, finishing in seconds.
There are several jockey riding brown horses in a stadium during a derby event.
The jockeys are getting ready to play polo as they move around with their sticks.
They are then running drills on the gravel.
The woman dries the girls hands in the end and shows her putting lotion on.
The person wraps the box with wires and tying a bow on top.
A shot of a building leads into a 3d game of men sumo wrestling.
The game continues on with the characters fighting and a ref watching on the side.
The game ends and shows more pictures of men sumo wrestling and pointing.
The outro video begins and it's the same as the intro video.
A woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel.
The woman finishes by pulling the plug on the hanging sink allowing the water to flow away in the channel underneath.
woman is in the news talking to the camera about a hand sunscreen.
He continues talking about the process as he stands there.
The camera briefly cuts to the woman's face before returning.
The men compare items and then perform a dance routine in the center.
The girl bends forward and performs a dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard.
The people continuously throw the frisbee around the field while the dog chases afterwards and runs around the field.
A person shows a piece of furniture.
Then, the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers.
A red screen appears with a picture of lemonade and the two reappear.
He walks over and removes the darts before trying again.
An American gymnast climbs the balance beam, the she performs four flips backwards and one flip forward.
A person is then shown putting cleaner on a sponge and scrubbing a sink.
Cowboys practice their lasso work.
Another cowboy in a black shirt jumps off his horse.
A woman on a horse catches a calf.
Another man jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught.
The man yells again and the children line up and bow.
She puts the lotion on herself standing in front of a lake and smiling into the camera.
More pictures are shown while the man cuts up vegetables and mixes them into a bowl.
He stirs around the ingredients and more pictures of the foods are shown.
The boy in stripes touches something on the drums.
The man is able to get up and the video shows the fall again in slow motion.
A young girl is standing in the room in a black cami and black and white legs preparing talking.
The girl with the pink sweater wins and she sits on the girls face.
woman is making a hand stand ni a parking lot and on stores.
man is sanding in a fence in a mall looking o the first floor.
The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food.
She mixes up the food with other ingredients followed by bread on top and cut into pieces.
A man is playing guitar, and the man to his right is playing the drums.
A woman with gray hair and a yellow shirt is seen playing shuffleboard.
White text appears on a blue background.
A person makes a jack o lantern.
He is wiping his shoe down.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair laughing while a man points in front of her.
The man then holds a gun up to her nose and pierces her nose.
A second carpenter smooths out the paint on the ceiling.
A couple of carpenters smooth out the paint on the ceiling.
One of the carpenters is seen spraying the ceiling and stops for a second to move a light.
A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat.
Two men are standing outside with a crowd of people lifting weights and exercising.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out a paid of shorts.
An athlete is seen running down a large track and throwing a javelin into the air.
We see an opening title screens.
We see a blonde man making adjustments to the tube.
A camera pans around a group of people sitting at a table followed by a man holding a surf board.
The man heats the caulk and scrapes it off.
The man stops and points at the caulk The end scene is seen.
the person made many mid size hole in the ice and have fishing line hanging deep in the water underneath.
water polo team is standing by the pool talking to the camera.
Guys throw balls on a field.
A man holding a flat bat walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man is seen speaking to the camera behind a table with various ingredients and glasses laid out.
The man mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass.
He presents the glass while the ingredients list is laid out and he walks away from the frame.
The man does a handstand after completing the course and goes back to the beginning.
White board catches another wave as the blue board opts out, more waves taken by white board are shown.
The surfer on the blue board catches a few waves.
A series of screens appear with white and purple words in paragraph form.
There's a woman with a hand tattoo and red painted nails attaching and screwing a parts in the trunk of a car to attach the spare tire.
Then she places the spare tire into the metal case.
A man hits a ball with a bat.
Athletes walk together through a hallway then stand on logs and chop through them in a competition.
Two athletes walk through wearing green and orange jerseys then saw through large logs in a competition.
Two athletes walk through a hallway then chop an upright log in a competition.
Cheerleaders enter through a hallway then dance on stage.
Two athletes enter through a hallway then use a hand saw to cut through a log.
Two athletes enter through a hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down.
Athletes compete in a chainsaw competition and saw through large logs before congratulating each other.
In the end, someone wins and people in the crowd clap and cheer.
She is crocheting something black and white.
A car drives by the cart.
Another person reaches into the car.
One of the students is undressing and changing his shorts while the other student in a red shirt is watching him.
After the student finishes changing, the boy in the red shirt makes fun of him.
She demonstrates how to remove them, showing the final result.
First she adds water  pours a little bit of baby powder into the small bowl and she mixes it up using the toothbrush.
She puts the baby powder soaked toothbrush onto the shoe and starts to rub it there.
Then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys the shoe and scrubs them again.
A person is riding the bike on the dirt road.
The biker drove to the curve path then drive over the high ramp.
The piercing artists uses a tissue to collect blood around the piercing.
A group of kids are in bumper cars.
They ride around, trying to hit each other.
They bump into the other cars as they go.
A man is seen standing in a large field holding onto a tool.
Next he stands up while holding onto something and he starts water skiing as he gets pulled by the boat.
But, he eventually falls off and is seen standing in the water.
A group of men are outside sitting around a fountain playing a game of oddly drawn hopscotch.
One boy takes his turn and then they all begin talking again.
She ends her routine but jumping down off the side with her arms up and walking away.
Two men walk to the barrel in a yard at a barbecue and the men both reach for the last beer in the barrel.
Several other people are rowing too.
His canoe is colored red.
He finally passes the point.
She shows the shoe close up after she is done.
He jumps off and bungee jumps.
It is shown in slow motion.
The camera continues capturing the men drinking as well as talking to one another and one rubbing his eyes in the end.
The man is then shown entering a live hockey game and playing hockey with a floor filled with other players.
A group of rafters don their gear, pushing their raft into the water.
We see a man and woman embracing in the sky.
More shots are shown of people interacting in the restaurant and finally people speaking to the camera.
She holds up several brushes while speaking to the camera as well as various objects.
A man is seen standing on stilts in a city square while other people around him roller blade.
A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field.
Another person comes and throws a disk onto the field.
People are standing at the side of the field is watching.
A business and the area around it is shown and the name on the business say's "LUMBERJACK NATIONALS" carved in a wooden sign, and the white text below say's "Columbia Basin BMX RICHLAND, WA".
A boy dressed in biking gear is putting on a helmet while standing and text on the right side of the screen appear and say "@BryceBetts13Z CHASE STAYSTRONG" as the boy gets on his bike and pushes it out of screen.
They get into a big fight on the field.
The ref comes and breaks the fight up.
Several more people are shown climbing on the rocks while speaking to the camera and making their way up and down.
A black screen appears and the yellow words are displayed on the screen and read "The Disk", and once again the brunette woman is speaking while standing by the water.
Two men are playing table tennis while two judges sit at either end.
After,a list of cues appear before showing off the venue and their youtube page.
The news casters are shown holding number sticks and laughing.
She then applies lotion to her legs and hands.
She continues this process with her other leg being very good at attention to detail.
A woman is on stage doing a belly dance routine, she is very passionate about it.
They finally give the dog a bath outdoors with a hose.
A man snowboards over snow covered slopes and hills and several other objects like railings, roofs, garages and tree stumps.
The man then continues to snowboard off of a garage roof, a stair railing and several other places.
After all of the darts are thrown,the camera zooms in on the darts to show what he had done.
He stops playing and puts the violin down to his side.
One man wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people.
The video goes to black and a graphic appears to close the clip.
She is twirling a baton.
We see a man's face up close with his name imposed over it as the man prepares to run on a track.
The man runs down the track and performs a long jump and throws his arms in the air.
There are two people out on a snow tubing slope where one of them is video taping his experience of snow tubing with his friend.
After they reach the top of the slope, they get into their tubes and begin sliding downhill.
They go down the snow covered slopes till they reach the bottom.
A man throws pieces of wood into a pile.
A man walks towards the camera talking.
litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man.
A forward flip and jump follows along with a sideways flip.
He then rides a longboard.
Then she brings to together the edges of the Cellophane towards the top of the plant.
She takes a decorate piece of ribbon to tie the scrunched up cellophane together to make it look like a bow on top.
A second man does the same.
A fourth man goes after him.
The scissors cut a purple towel and a piece of paper.
Words are shown on the screen again.
Mountains are seen in the distance with clouds moving over top during the afternoon.
The climber sets a metal round clips into the crack of the rock face.
The man sings along while performing his routine and is then seen running across the yard with a lawn mower.
More shots are shown of people looking and speaking to the camera while playing pong and drinking beer with one another.
A man rolls out a sheet of wallpaper from a tube, then a large photo.
They redo the arm wrestling.
The person on silts then jumps over the person with their arms up as well as another.
He continues to use the machine to take the rubber off of the tire and ends by placing it back down.
The men continue to lead people around on the horses through a large body of water.
He presses buttons on a digital screen.
He prepares a large dish of pasta, which he cooks in the machine.
A man is shown talking to a camera followed by him and another woman standing near a volleyball net.
First we see the sneaker get cleaned.
A basketball shoe is cleaned next.
Some ads play to close the video.
He shoots an arrow and grabs another one from behind hm and gets ready to shoot again.
A woman and a man are standing outside doing some interesting techniques with one another.
A playground is shown and a back yard as the camera pans over to a window on a roof.
The video shows various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material.
He places various objects around the window and shows more pictures of the roof with the finished product.
The rodeo clowns distract the bull as the rider gets to safety.
A group of men on horses talk and as they ride away, the clown restarts his job in the ring.
The clown gets injured again as he jumps over a bulls head and the other clowns help him up.
A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried.
The dogs are then loaded in a vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks.
All three dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed.
A man is unrolling carpet onto the floor.
He is putting glue onto the floor.
A little boy is seated on the floor with a cup and a spoon.
He moves slowly in the water while giving instructions on how to properly move the kayak.
He begins paddling up the stream and showing what to do if you get stuck.
He is riding a pair of water skis.
We see the opening title  screens.
They carve the face to make a jackolantern.
The man kneels behind him and points to his body while the man laying door moves his arms and legs to demonstrate proper exercises.
Several logos are shown on the screen.
After, the man wash again the window using the soft squeegee and the steel wipe while explaining the procedure.
Another man is swinging in circular motion, ready to throw the shot put.
People are moving dirt around in a park.
People are raking the dirt around.
The woman then puts butter in the pan, melts it all around, then pours her egg mix into the pan.
A man is skateboarding down a sidewalk.
He falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
She rubs it on the mans face.
She looks up at him and lights a cigarette.
She lays on her back and laughs.
The woman is talking and laughing while holding a snake.
The camera briefly pans away from the woman to focus on the slope.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak.
A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo.
the woman rides the horse until the sun begins to set and the scene gets darker and darker.
A man falls on a table and breaks it.
A man wearing glasses is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking.
He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget, still talking and then grabs another shovel.
He throws the shovel and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow.
He continues to talk and then starts using the shovel gadget again.
He shovels piles out some piles of snow.
Several peoples outfits are being panned from the bottom up.
Couples come back and more beer pong games come back.
Once the gates open a cow starts running and the man on the horse chases after it with a tassel.
He is in the kitchen cutting the tomato using a cheap knife.
Several other people perform inside the hula hoop camera while the music plays.
Then several people are shown waling up to the hula hoop camera getting ready to hula hoop.
The man that is dressed as a woman gives some one a hug.
This is then shown in slow motion and then sped up.
The coach reacts and cheers.
A group of people are seen swimming around a pool with one man sitting on his head.
A woman takes off her tank as well as putting it back and leads into them swimming more.
A woman is in a gym talking.
the woman demonstrates how to do an exercise with a step.
The man falls and is briefly submerged.
The audience is behind him in the stands watching.
A man in goggles talks.
A man talks to the camera again.
A man with a beard talks to the camera.
A man takes off his snowboard.
The man removes his glove and blows smoke away from the metal piece.
The boys then start another karate routine and they are doing various moves with their arms and legs while doing them in unison as much as possible.
A man and a little boy are mowing a lawn.
A person ski on the pent of a hill covered with snow.
A man in an athletic outfit and a paper number pinned to his chest paces on a sports field.
A group of people are seen riding in bumper cars and running into one another.
The people keep bumping into each other and driving around and then stop to climb out of the cars.
A man is standing in a room holding a large instrument.
He begins to play the instrument behind a microphone.
A man in a green shirt is talking into a microphone.
Two of the guys are stopped on a road and then all of a sudden one of them picks up a skateboard and throws it very hard against the wall.
We then see replay from their run.
A lady hugs someone after her thrown.
Then she pours citrus into the glass and puts a straw into it.
A man in a trench coat is talking into a microphone.
An older woman peels a potato over a table.
People are standing on the short next to their tubes.
A boy is explaining how to put on toes shoes on his left foot.
The person then adds a bunch of sugary products to it.
The man suits up as the camera shows close ups of his board.
She stands next to the shelf talking.
Both pairs of people continue to play the game and eventually the side with the man and woman on the team end up winning.
A gymnast is seen standing before a large beam and putting his hands up in the air.
She bends further into the sink then moves back to the camera to look.
She brushes the back of it's tail and finishes around it's belly.
A woman climbs into the back of a van with other people.
An older women is shown sitting on a front step putting socks on with a small dog standing near her.
She then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
Then, the cooker adds cheese, broth, white cream, salt and then he mix it.
She waves to the crowd and then walks away with others getting ready around her.
A man is kneeling in front of the crowd, talking.
He continues talking as the crowd is enraptured, listening to his every word.
A clip of the show top Gear is shown with one man sitting in a car speaking to the camera, and another speaking to the camera in a different car.
One pushes the car back and the men all get out and speak to one another.
Another car is test with the men speaking to the camera and pushes the car back while others look in disbelief.
A BTRtv reporter visits a soul cycle studio and store, interviews a soul cycle instructor and takes a sample soul cycle class.
The reporter returns to interviewing the soul cycle instructor with a final shot of rows of clothing hanging in the soul cycle store.
We see a title screen on black.
We then see a woman skating down a street in a city.
A man is raking leaves in his yard.
He has bagged several leaves as he rakes them out of a bird bath.
The men move around one another in the gym hitting a ball off the wall.
The two continue hitting the ball around and walking around to hit it.
boys do back flips on a blue mat.
A scissor is used to cut off the excess clear plastic at each end.
A girl plays in a indoor plastic ball pool with a slide.
The girl plays with the tick-tack-toe board before sliding back down.
The child swings on a swing set.
The child walks into a trampoline room then jumps up and down.
A man holding a violin is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin.
A man wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop.
The man begins mopping the floor while standing in front of washing machines.
A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by.
A continuous spray of sparks shoots off of the tool.
The people driving around in the cars while others watch on the sides.
The girl turns on the faucet.
He uses the tool to push a carpet area over and continues talking to the camera.
Several multi colored and shaped kites fly high in the air above a beach setting interspersed with images of people preparing to fly kites and onlookers.
Several kites fly in the air, in a bright blue sky, over a sandy area.
A lady lays on a yoga mat in a carpeted room and does sit ups while talking.
The lady finishes and stops.
A man in a gym is donning a pair of boxing gloves.
We see a black opening logo.
The man and woman perform a paired roller blade routine.
The man continues speaking to the camera with his hands and moving the sticks while looking around.
The host enters a gun store and dances around.
He then goes on to talk for a while in the store and plays around with a gun on a few cuts.
We see instruments and the wall with the school name.
The ladies are explaining why they chose Capoeira.
A man spreads a white sheet onto a wall.
A man walks down the docks while another holds a bucket and the camera pans to a woman talking.
She hops in the water with the man and climbs back into the boat talking to the camera.
A man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry.
The surgeon then wets his hands and ads soap.
The surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds a lather.
The camera pans all around to people sitting in the raft and continuing to move along and move under a bridge.
The dogs are so fast that the camera person can't keep up with them and when they find them, the dogs are trying very hard to get into a bath tub that has water in it.
A tv news anchor appears.
The men volley ball back and forth over the net.
The woman turns when arrives to the end of the hopscotch and continues hopping.
We get a close up of the truing stand, and the spokes.
She strains her juice into a bigger cup.
A man in a blue shirt lifts a kid onto a counter.
The woman behind the counter hands the boy a toy.
The people continue playing back and fourth while the audience cheers and stops to speak to one another.
He continues playing while singing along and moving his feet up and down the guitar.
She changes out of her dress in to some comfortable clothing and gets in the kitchen ready to do the dishes.
A cartoon demonstration is shown on the screen.
A man stands on the other side, lobbing the ball back to him.
There are several workers packing many rafts in a truck to be hauled away.
There are many rafters outside a log cabin packing and getting ready for their rafting trip.
A large group of people are seen sitting around a gym when a girl runs in and performs a routine on the uneven bars.
This video shows you how to make spaghetti with sausage with a simple tomato sauce.
Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it.
The man then lifts the weights up and down over his shoulders while the camera watches form behind.
The man walks in and out of frame walking back towards the weights and another man coming into frame to lift.
A man approaches a square, paved,white surface surrounded by black netting .
The man spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball.
Two people emerge with  a long tape measure to measure the distance the hammer ball was thrown.
A woman stands talking on a yoga mat in a driveway area.
The woman jumps back and forth in a doing a more vigorous workout.
A little girl is inside a covered porch.
A woman shows off her nails followed by several clips of nails being painted by a brush.
The video speeds up and shows off several different designs for nail polish and examples.
A close up of a person's nails are shown followed by a person filing the nails of another.
The person continues painting the nails and puts on a gem in the end.
We see shots of people playing soccer in an indoor arena.
We see two men collide in slow motion.
The boy brushes the lid of the pot, and an adult put  plates in the pot and the boy took it out and dip the fork.
A man watches with interest from the side of the stage.
A person wearing safety gear holds a metal rod with a clamp.
Smoke comes form the clamp.
The young man lifts himself up and places his feet in the gap between the bar and the top of the door frame.
A man is inside a gym while speaking to the camera.
He demonstrates via volunteer how to use a rowing machine.
A man is standing on the side of a river taking a picture.
A person is welding a metal outside.
The person moves the welding tool behind.
Two kids run over and away.
We see a man in a room talking about a bike.
We then see the man adjusting the handle bar of the bike.
A man comes onto the screen and explain several days ago about getting the smell out of your sink.
Then he shows you how to remove bottom of the sink to clean it out which may help with the smell.
They mix the eggs around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together.
They add several more ingredients to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate.
He plays with another instructor on the court.
He just talks and talks for a while about all about it.
A cheerleader pass behind the marching band.
Players kick a ball that knocks down a yellow cone which they pick up.
A person sits holding a laptop while a woman curls her hair.
A man and a woman set up to dance before an audience.
The camera shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing.
The pans are filled with pastries and loaded into the oven.
A large tray of cake is flipped over and placed on counter.
The woman chef stands behind the stack of tins and picks one up.
The man in yellow shirt is bouncing the ball on the paddle.
Two player as pushing each other.
We see an instructional screen.
We then see the ending title screen.
Then, a woman talks with the man, after the man dance in group with other people.
The boy plays with several other kids on the playground and is seen climbing around the sides and going down the slide.
A gymnast wearing a red and black uniform jumps on the horse bar.
The the third time she jumps again on the horse bar and raises her left foot, does a front flip and gets off the bar.
Two people are seen performing tango moves slowly while text appears on the screen.
A person is seen riding a board along the water with a kite on top.
More clips are shown of the person riding back and fourth on the board.
A man is surfing on a large wave in the water.
Several shots are shown of close ups of cheerleaders leading into clips of them performing tricks and flips with one another.
A man talks to the camera as people begin going down a man made white water river on kayaks.
A woman falls out, and is pulled back in by another person.
kids enters in a room and run to the man and woman.
man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it.
A camera zooms in on a person performing a routine on a large stage spinning a baton into the air.
A man in the tuxedo starts explaining black jack.
two hot women are arm wrestling on a table and referees are standing in front or sitting in the back.
The young woman then walks over to a male dressed in all black and begins asking him questions about the game.
While they are talking, a game is being played and the two watches them.
A gray dog is walking outdoors, and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera.
She zooms in on products she owns and puts paint on a pallet.
He then puts on a pair of training wheels and showing how it moves.
He continues to roam around with the dog performing tricks with the dog and frisbee.
Then she takes the toothbrush and dips it in the baking soda.
Then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes the sink down with it.
Coaches standing on the other side of the fence watching to rate.
Next lemons are sliced on a cutting board.
the girl is doing gymnastics on top of balance beam.
the girl make a big somersault and lands on the floor.
She stops right before the video ends.
A man is shown washing a dog with a water hose in a backyard with several flowers.
Man begins to rip up carpet underlay.
He drills it into place.
He then lays his hands on the top of the slat.
She adds some eggs to the flour along with vanilla essence.
She continues hula hooping over and over again and leads into pictures of people hula hooping in the end.
A man lifts a ball in the air and holds it against his neck and throws the ball far.
The man holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding several objects out on a table.
A man is standing up playing a saxophone.
We see the opening screen on gray.
He is removing the packaging.
A food attendant prepares an ice cream cone from a frozen yogurt dispenser.
The man rubs his head and is relieved.
She places her hands around the piano and begins playing a song.
She continues playing the instrument and pauses to speak to the camera a bit.
A man is seen hopping over bars as well as throwing an object in different locations.
A small horse is outside in a field  being held by a rope that is attached to a belt wrapped around the horse's neck.
A boy stands, outdoors,  holding a skateboard in his arms and then puts the board down and begins to step on it.
The boy then exhibits upper body twists while standing on the skateboard and eventually pushes off and rides into the street on the skateboard.
A person shows a clipping tool.
Two young boys are at a sink.
The other boy helps him clean.
Ways a vacuum can be used are showed in split screens.
A robot is sitting behind a piano in a room.
Its hands are lighting up no the piano keys.
A girl is playing hopscotch on a back porch.
A woman is under water and she gracefully come up from underneath.
Finally, the fourth man introduces himself.
The first man is then shown practicing by trying to hit targets on the wall.
The second man to introduce himself takes a turn trying to hit the targets on the wall.
And finally the man with red hair gives it a try.
The first man to practice gives a comment on his performance.
Info about the AIB and the upcoming game are shown.
Shots of scientists are shown making the sun screen while interacting with one another and speaking to the camera.
old man is holding a rake raking the dry leaves.
A man in a light blue shirt breaks the pool balls to start the game.
He walks around the table looking for a good spot to hit.
A woman jumps into a pool.
She moves around the mushrooms she just cut up.
We see the starting title card.
We see her feet up close.
The young woman with long blonde hair is showing her wrist that has a few scars from a surgery.
The owner then walks more into the grass holding onto frisbees and is not only joined by the black and white dog but another dog that is brown and white.
People are riding horses in a field.
A welding tool is applied to a surface.
A guy that is holding a welding tool is wearing a helmet.
Ultimately, the man with the round shield is defeated when he tumbles to the ground and stabbed in the back.
The video begins with a title sequence and logo.
It then continues to show clips of men playing volleyball.
They do a suplex, and the referee counts to three as the dark haired woman wins.
We see images which were  shot around DC.
A hand fills a cup with water.
A woman puts two glasses on the counter.
The person is shown surfing all along the water while the camera films from behind.
The man continues surfing and paddles himself towards a boat.
A woman drives the orange tractor.
He dives, flipping backwards as he goes.
He lands gracefully in the water.
A man uses a course brush and hand towel to prepare the ski to be worked on while it sits on a rack.
A man sharpens a flat edge then scrapes the outer layer of wax from the skis surface.
Finally,the sauce is done and all of the ingredients are compiled and cheese is added to the dish as it is positioned on the plate.
A blue screen appears and text on the screen appears and say's "Bowling Fails FailCorporation".
A man is seen speaking to the camera while the camera pans out to a card table and the man dealing cards.
The man lays out several cards while flipping over more and pointing to objects laid out on the table.
The mother is interviewed and shows more shots of the boy playing several different instruments.
A man is sitting inside a room.
Several walking or horseriding individuals walk by the foreground while the camera focuses on a group of people in the background.
A person is seen riding along the water on a surfboard as well as others speaking to one another.
A man with a hat stands next to her.
Too much weight is on the bar and the girls ends up twisting her arm in a circle,drops the bar and cries out in agony.
After she walks off she brushes her self off and attempts again and raises it over her head,drops it, and walks away congratulating herself.
A bull charges a man and knocks him around until people come out and distract him.
Once again the bull charges the man and knocks him down.
An older man is seen sitting on a log in a public space in front of a piano.
He removes things from drawers, like lip gloss and puts it on for the camera.
He applies messy makeup and poses for the camera.
Kids are shown in side of a gym playing indoor soccer.
He is then shown scoring on a different occasion before the video ends.
A young man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him throwing darts onto a board.
She begins to apply the hair things to her hair and combing it out, she starts to part her hair and put in curlers.
The man sprays the window where the stain is and wipes the area with a paper towel.
After, people play polo in a field riding horse an throwing a ball with a pole, also the woman and the man talks.
Several shots are shown of people performing impressive gymnastics flips in a large gymnasium.
He takes a scoop of what's in the pot and adds it to the pan.
A group of dirt bikers are waiting on a ramp.
They take off when it opens, going around in circles on the track, racing each other.
The camera transitions into several people riding in tubes and pushing themselves down a river.
A title screen loads and we see the man dance alone.
A title loads and we see the man's feet as he dances.
We see a newscaster in a studio talking.
We see the newscaster in the studio again.
Another man shoots, grabs his darts and goes.
A third guy shoots darts and goes.
The fourth guy takes his turn.
A gymnast prepares to mount a beam.
We see a couple of opening screens.
The man holds the ball out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera.
The man puts the ball down and grabs another, then another and talks.
He brings the racket down to his side.
little girl is doing gymnastics in the middle of the court holding batons.
woman is in gym talking on the camera and with other man while a woman is making exercise in an orbitrek.
A person blows leaf off of a lawn and walkway using a leaf blower.
The person blows leaves out of a tight corner and then progresses to a walkway.
The person blows leaves from a walkway and across a lawn.
He brings the knife to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate.
He picks up the sharpening tool and talks about what he will do next and begins to sharpen again.
Finally,the drink is complete and he pours it into another glass and adds a straw for it to be served.
A young man is seen standing in front of the camera  playing a set of bagpipes.
He continues playing the instrument and ends by holding it in his hands and a picture of him playing guitar.
The floor has a hopscotch on it.
People sit on a bench at a rodeo.
We see a calf running in the ring and another calf being hogtied.
A man and a little boy are walking and holding the reins of a horse.
There's a man in a white shirt being interviewed in the 60 Minutes program by the host of the show.
He is talking about his participation as a matador in a bull fighting event where there are several spectators watching him.
There are clips of great shots from teams.
The yellow team makes several points in a row.
A man is playing a ukulele for a woman while a man watches from behind a curtain.
They sit up on their bed and rub their face.
He walks away with his hands on his hips and his same throw is shown again.
The woman puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around.
We see the man screw a screw in.
A person applies leg lube to their leg and then proceeds to shave the leg and then wipe their leg down with a wet rag.
The girl begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
Some people are surfing in rough ocean waves.
The girl just rides the surf with her father helping.
The horse sniffs all around the woman while she pets him down and turns his head in the end.
A man approaches a large mountain, with friends, and climbs it while attached to a green rope until he reaches the top.
A long green rope is shown on a large rock after which a man in glasses begins to climb a mountain using metal hooks in the mountain and his feet to climb the mountain.
The people ride down the snowy mountain continuously while looking back to the camera.
The man stands and walks to the edge of the platform assisted by two people.
A man with stick holds it out and the man catches it and they release the man from the rope.
He dries his face off with a towel.
A small white ball dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head.
A short montage of similar moves, the player kicking a ball straight into the goal.
A man is kite surfing on the edge of the board.
We then see a lady use an electric shaver then scissors to groom a dog.
We see shot of the dog after the grooming.
A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks.
They take their shoes off and put a different pair of shoes on.
They continue stepping on the mat in the new shoes.
A man is in a forest, and his feet are shown with and without shoes.
He mounts a tightrope and balances on it.
He uses the tightrope to walk, showing the proper positions to maintain balance.
She shoots the paint bullets at a target, spattering it red.
People are then seen paving along walls as well as handing out pamphlets and speaking to one another.
A man is dribbling a basketball.
We see a college volleyball game being played by women.
A lady misses and falls.
The people then all ride in tubes down the snowy trail with one moving around at the bottom.
A teen boy has a bunch of darts in his hands.
Once gone,a field is shown and a buff females throws a shot put into the field and a replay is shown.
We see ladies on the sidelines.
A tall man is shown from the legs up as he jumps.
The exterior of a business is shown and the blue and white sign on it say's "BORONIA DOG GROOMING & PET SUPPLIES" with a picture of a dog in water and covered with suds and paw prints on the sides of it, and the word "DOG GROOMING" is along the front facing of the ledge that sticks out.
woman puts butter in a bowl with sugar, and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid, adding eggs, vanilla and flour, when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips.
The artists stop for a moment and clean off the area.
More falls are shown with a slow motion affect and more people continue to ride around.
A third man who looks like the two previous men before him, come out of a door and sit on the last chair and he plays on his bongo.
girl us hanging from a pole in a roofed gym and make a jump to the land pool.
We see the display on the machine.
The man and his family are in a backyard speaking to the camera.
Several shots of scenery are shown followed by a person performing a trick on a skateboard and others riding down a hill.
One man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side.
She stands up,flips her pony tail and the camera pans her outfit and she has on a black shirt and blue shorts and begins walking up the stairs.
The girl sits in the chair and begins shaking her ear length hair and holding up the cut off hair in her hands.
A small group of people are seen standing before a fooseball table grabbing onto poles.
The men play against one another while taking breaks to get a drink and speak with team mates.
The woman continues talking before the scene morphs into video of a small red potatoes on the ground pulled up by the root.
We see the item comes with a 7 year warranty.
The man adds an oil to the item, and we see the packaging.
She continues jumping over and over again swinging her arms and ends by stopping to smile at the camera.
woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera holding a door.
woman flatten the cream and varnish it.
A person's skis are shown close up as they move continuously down a snowy hill moving quickly past trees.
A woman is seen walking into frame while speaking to the camera and putting her face in cream.
A man plays an accordion in the street.
He is sitting next to his bike.
The words "The Shot Put" appear on screen over an athlete.
"The Shot Put Introduction" appears on screen followed by several athletes performing the sport.
A man is standing over an oven cooking something in a pan.
He pours a liquid into the pan.
A person helps another person walk on stilts on the sidewalk.
The man shows her how to swim outward by doing so himself.
The woman watches as he swims away.
Professionals are seen in there offices discussing the subject.
A ballerina starts dancing on a stage.
A man in a suit walks on the stage and starts talking.
Two kids are sitting down on a sidewalk eating ice cream.
Then we see a couple of riders, one of them standing up in his saddle.
The man then pokes the fire with pieces of flat wood to spread the fire.
They continue playing ping pong for a few more rounds.
The person in blue hits the ball in the net.
They continue playing more till the person in blue drops the ball on the ground.
More pictures are shown off the horse and person together followed by more clips of the girl riding the horse.
A young woman is sitting on a red lounge chair as a tattoo artist begins doing his job.
He lets go of the disc, letting it fly through the air.
The man then takes a sip of a drink and makes a funny face.
A large group of people are seen walking in the snow with several being interviewed on the camera.
A small group of people are seen standing around with one woman holding signs and leads into people playing tug of war.
There is a music stand sitting in front of her.
Players are running around playing lacrosse on a field of grass.
The audience is watching and applauding for them.
A close up of a sink is shown followed by a person turning on a faucet and grabbing the camera.
A coach is then shown in a hallway as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows.
The man sits up and smiles.
The person waters the plant and ends by laying out more dirt.
There are a lot of papers on the wall.
A group of men are seen leading a camel around while a person rides on top of the camel.
The man lays the camel down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera.
A gymnast performs on a pommel horse on front a crowd in the bleachers.
The video leads into several shots of people running down a long track and jumping into a sand pit.
More women are shown running down the track and landing into the sand pit as others watch.
He begins installing the interlocking wooden tiles on a concrete deck surface.
The man throws it back to the dog and the dog hits it back and then he slips off the floating device and splashes into the water.
women are insisde a bathtub shving her legs with ceam and water.
Four boys on skateboards ride past.
We See the board on the curb.
The end credits play and we see a boy on a bus.
The person in black is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
There is a player demonstrating the serve as the coach explains.
The player continues to demonstrate the serves.
People are doing tricks on roller blades.
More people gather around as two men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance.
We see a little boy standing on a platform on a jungle gym.
A colorful hexagonal shaped kite is flying high in the air.
An older man is seen walking towards the camera and points to various plants around him.
The other bodybuilder continues to explain the weightlifting strategies that is used professionally.
Now the vegetables are gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board.
People are seen riding around on jet skis following the boat as well as close ups of the boats being shown as well as underwater.
Kids are riding bicycles around a dirt track.
One of them tips over and falls.
We see an opening title screen.
The man then puts tar under the top shingle.
Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
He then starts to do dips down to his armpits on the parallel bars called Russian Dips, while keeping his legs in the air.
A man does dips with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar.
Several people are shown riding in and roping up cattle while others watch on the side.
Then she takes a shot at the ball, knocking them into the holes.
They are practicing their moves while others stand by and watch.
A young man on the roof of a tall building, with the backdrop of a city skyline, performs a series of dance moves, gymnastics moves, tumbling moves and high kicks.
The man then begins a series of high kicks, handless back flips, and breakdance moves.
The men play rock paper scissors.
Ladies bring a big check to the man in red.
Also, people sled on on a line down the hill.
The girl is laying on the beam and does a flip to the standing position.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding a sharpening tool in her hands.
A baton twirler is standing on the gym floor.
She drops the baton again.
She picked it up and added a third baton and finished her routine.
old man is holding a green pole hitting a piata in the middle of a room.
Another person named Charles Henry is talking about his knitting experience at the cultural center.
An animated graphic populates displaying the physique of the two fencers in a grid pattern with the two animated figures exhibiting some fence/weapon movement.
The two people dressed in fencing outfits begin to fence in a demonstration.
A marching band appears on a large field performing.
The marching band practices their performance.
She begins using the hoop seductively while dancing.
A blonde woman watches as a man wins the game, hugging the woman next to him.
Judges measure the man's throw.
Then, the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump, then they do cartwheels.
Two men are long boarding down a hill.
A man in a green shirt is sitting on the ground with his long board in front of him.
The person is shown mixing the ingredients.
After, the woman pass the hula ring around her waist fast.
Several news logos are shown and then a male reporter shows up talking behind his desk.
Many quarters are being played and after the goals are made,the players start to jump on each other's back and jump for joy and show their happiness.
A large man is standing on a circular dome in a field.
He then shows how to stand before swinging the ball around his head in circles.
He is playing a bagpipe.
men are standing on ice fishing in a large ice region.
man grabbed a fish from the ice and lay on the floor.
A gymnast is doing flips and handsprings on a high bar.
She goes forward and backward several times.
She then walks in front of the baby and sits in the adult seat attached to the baby swing.
The woman on the swing swings the baby while talking to him and making faces at him.
A man shows how to change a tube in a tire.
the girls hands the hose to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person.
People are riding horses along a dirt trail.
The horses are getting a drink of water.
An intro begins for DX sports and shows two men skating down a road.
He starts playing the drums in front of him.
little kid grab the ball from the floor with the pole.
A large group of people are seen sitting around a stage and leads into a man and woman hosting.
The hosts lead into a large group of people on the stage performing a dance routine with one another.
people are passing in front of the kid.
old man kneels and put some coins in he hat of the kid.
The man then begins swinging around an object around and around.
There are three people playing racquetball on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera.
A bike jumps a group of people in a plaza.
The video continues and the majorette girls begin dancing.
Two boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes.
The boys laugh and keep trying to rake the leaves.
The girl mixes several things from small bowls in a bigger bowl.
An adult helps the girl spray her baking pans.
The girl puts her mixture into the pans and puts them in an easy bake oven.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while a woman works out on a machine in front of him and adjusts the settings.
The man continues moving on the machine showing off it's different settings while the man continues to speak to the camera.
A group of people are sitting on camels in the sand beside a hill.
The woman finishes to cut the potato.
A little boy playing on a jungle gym.
Now is sliding fast down a slide.
He goes down the slide a 4th time but with another little boy.
A man is then shown and begins talking describing the game that is taking place.
An air balloon flies through the air.
Some graphic cars crash into each other.
Next she adds 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract and she mixes everything up, then she adds 1 1/4 cups of all purpose flour along with 1/4 cup of unsweetened cocoa powder and salt.
He then speaks to the camera further.
A man sitting on an exercise equipment.
She also does the hand stand before diving swiftly into the pool.
She repeats her steps and dives several times into the pool.
He then does break dancing moves.
He puts his legs behind his head.
The woman then reaches back into her left eye first, then into her right to remove the contact lenses and a shot of them sitting in the contact lens container appears.
A young boy is seen wearing a helmet, speaking to the camera, and holding up pads.
The boy demonstrates how to perform proper skating moves while bending down and grabbing his board.
A man talks on a telephone.
The man puts a cigarette in his mouth.
A group of adults plays a game of beach volleyball.
A group of girls play a volley ball game.
The medalists of the competition receive their awards and stand together waving.
Athletes give interviews after the competition.
Several women are seen moving around a gym performing various exercises on a beam.
The coach then speaks to the camera.
A bald man and a woman wearing handkerchief in her hair stand and wave next to a customized bus.
The lady ads a scoop of ice cream to a sugar cone.
A woman is seen standing at the end of a diving board with her arms down and facing forward.
The woman then begins jumping up and down on the board and diving back into the water.
A close up on the inside of a space ship is shown followed by a woman with crazy hair speaking into the microphone.
A woman is shown outside high five two kids that are playing near her.
The two come above the surface and the dog runs around while the boy rubs his eyes.
Another day passes by and it is now sunlight outside as the boy practices playing his instrument once more.
The practicing continues on for several more days in the same room and finishes on until day 7.
Arrows appear to point to the stones.
The adult bagpiper and the child stand next to each other while performing.
The child finishes playing and walks forward to the camera.
A little boy is shown swinging on a swing on the public playground.
Men are playing a sport n the sand.
A man sits on the sand injured.
People walks behind the marching band.
A man is painting the something on the floor green.
He stands up a bit and looks at the piece for a little before dunking his brush back in the paint and starting again.
He moves along to parts he hasn't yet gone over to paint.
There are few more rounds of tug of war played s the spectators watch and cheer for the players.
After they win the tug of war, all the spectators run out and hug the players.
A cameraman takes their pictures.
The entire team poses for a team picture after their win.
She gets a black brush and continues brushing the horse.
The man mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring.
Jesus and Mother Teresa are shown as a montage continues.
one man serves the ball.
They lift another woman into the air, balancing her between them before dropping her to be caught.
Then, his action is replayed in slow motion.
A young male athlete is standing in a field and turns backwards in a small circle.
He then extends his arms and begins moving them back and forth.
The man in the rear turns his back to the camera.
The lady on the left turns to the right.
The man uses his match to set fire to the wooden logs.
We see a child playing hopscotch in a yard.
The first girl jumps back to the start location.
A group of rocks are shown washed up against the banks of a large blue river.
Another angle is shown and a small circle appears on the screen.
She sprays down the rag and is then seen again washing various windows around an office.
The tile screen plays with a picture of a long field.
A man walks up with a disk and a dog hold onto it as he passes a few people.
The girls resume their cheer and break up in 5 sections once again to hold a girl up in the air, but once again, the middle group loses the balance of the girl on top and they fail and she falls in their catch and they resume their routine that now include multiple flips from each girl until the finish.
A woman is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera and then beginning to peel a potato.
A man jumps a ramp and falls to the ground.
We see the boys standing in the parking lot and are shown their names.
The last boy removes his helmet, shakes his hair and smiles at the camera.
He begins to blow dry her hair.
A woman plays the flute with exaggerated blowing.
The man gets on his knee and pulls out a ring.
Two people are sitting on top of the camel.
Three years after those photos the girl moves and she is shown riding horses.
Another video is shown of the girl riding the horse indoors.
Another girl brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth.
Several people are in bumper scooters moving around in a small entrapment.
Several other people join them as they walk and dance to the music.
The old man sails the boat sitting on the border of the boat and pulling a handle.
After, the old man continues sailing in the ocean.
A person's hands are seen playing a set of bongo drums and pausing to talk to the camera.
A man covers a wall with cement using a hose.
A group of ballet of dancers compete with a group of hip hop dancers.
After, the boy climbs on a column to make a flip backward and stand on his hands, then a ballet dancer is raised by her friends.
She takes her hair down and continues talking to the camera and showing various violin moves while singing.
She once again puts her hair up and continues with her playing.
A person turns on the emergency lights of a car and takes out the emergency tire.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin.
The woman continues shaving his leg while panning back to the sink and him having a drink.
The boy stops and looks at the camera then starts running again.
A man in a black hat has his turn with the tube.
A man lets go of the rope and hits an embankment of snow.
A group of friends sit on a couch together.
The man reaches the top of the rock as the tan rope, behind, dangles.
A man slips and falls as he's trying to bowl.
They run the iron over the top of the was on the ski.
We see a white opening scene.
The chef mashes the ingredients into a paste.
Then he adds some spaghetti to boiling salt water and cooks it.
A large group of people are see bouncing around on trampolines throwing dodgeballs to one another.
When she completes putting all the curlers that can fit on her entire head, she smiles to the camera and turns her head from side to side.
The woman is now standing in the bathroom wearing green again and she has her hair down and she's talking and using her hands to move her hair around to show the curls.
A young man is shown on a road wearing stilts.
A close up of a pumpkin is seen followed by a child scouping out the middle.
Another child next to her is seen cutting out the pumpkin when an adults walks into frame.
Two people are seen riding in a canoe pushing a paddle along the water and looking into the camera.
A group of people are in tubes floating on top of murky water with huge rocks in it.
The camera scans the crowd and people continuously paddle their way across the water.
The referees point in the direction of the winner.
He talks for a while about this, demonstrates how you would move your tongue to make sound.
He blows into the sax to demonstrate a little more.
He even briefly puts his finger in mouth to try to explain a little better as well.
The man shuts down the lawnmower and takes a break.
The young lady continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
man is showing a place without the wooden floor and its putting the wooden pole in the floor measuring the space.
There is a boy sitting on the bed showing off his sunburn and putting cream on it.
A friend is shaking his head because of the other guy's sunburn.
The candied fruits are in the bowl, then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them.
The woman added brown sugar on the butter, then added eggs one by one and mixed and then cream, then flour, baking soda, cinnamon powder and mixed them well.
She hits it a few times and then its someone else's turn.
A man stumbles over one of the cricket posts.
He then directly uses the iron right on the ski too smoothen out the wax he just melted over it, going over it a few times.
The man pauses then plays slower.
man is talking to the camera and the people practicing capoeira, doing suicides and weightlifting are training.
The two dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends.
A wrestler is hoisted on a man's shoulders.
A large group of men are seen running around an indoor field when one scores a goal and the audience cheers.
An archery tournament begins and the montage shows the players hiding behind shields and firing back and forth.
The parents of the children are shown watching the battle.
There is a woman dancing on stage in front of a man in the beginning.
She shows us her blow dryer box.
She brings the blow dryer box back into view.
The man continues singing while the camera captures him and fades to black in the end.
Then, the woman cross the finish line and people help her.
The girls continue to fight and leads into one sitting down while the other continues to perform moves.
Several men stand on a pier.
One of the men is shirtless.
He jumps over a closed off area and keeps on skating passed people into the streets.
He is skating in the streets of paris along with another skater, still skating past people and going down into the subway.
A person in a canoe goes over the waterfall.
The person rides the rapids of the river.
We see people on a rock on the riverbank watching the canoer.
A close up of tires are shown followed by a man working on a tire as well as being interviewed on camera.
A man and woman wearing red jackets, the man was cheering, while the woman is taking video using her iPad, she has very serious look on her face, the woman handed the iPad to the man.
A woman is picking up a pole, putting it inside the bigger pole, a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground.
A male athlete wearing red and blue top, blue shorts ran, hopped and jumped, he fell on the #18 sand then got up walked around the grass and field towards the group of people.
A male athlete wearing blue top ran to the lane, started hopping after passing the white line and jumped to the sand, hit the  sandy ground then stood up, then walked to the track field.
A male athlete in red and blue uniform started to run to the field, hopped when passed the white line then jumped towards bed of sandy ground, he hit the ground, fell on his side and stood up and walked towards the field.
She then demonstrates how it works.
The man interviews players and joins them in a game of bowling.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up an instrument.
The man then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera.
The man continues to play the instrument and stops to look at the camera.
They jump off a man's lap, then back on again as they continue to play.
A video shows how to make curry toast.
He bends down and works his way up with great effort, finally lifting the barbell over his head.
He drops the weights and they crash to the ground.
A balded man is seen speaking to the camera with a head sitting behind him with a head full of hair.
Two teams are standing at the scrimmage line together waiting to play the game.
A man comes onto the screen announcing the competition before it begins.
Many of the team members are shown talking on the court and strategizing for the win.
men are talking in the dark room and explaining their point of view.
The audience is very thrilled too, they all take more turns trying to get the best score.
He sucks down the cigarette all the way down to the bud.
We see waterski and the side of a boat.
We see two boys playing.
They put on sunglasses while they play for the audience.
A series of screen flashes and it shows statistics about driving drunk and when to take breaks driving.
The people take turns going back and forth throwing the ball and a person finally makes a goal.
When he is done, he lowers his instrument and smiles broadly.
The interior and supplies of an old fashioned barber shop are shown.
The two men stand close together and give an interview.
The man sinks underwater in a pool backwards.
Text is shown on a black screen.
We see a C emblem screen.
We see the man continue to deal cards.
A young lady is in a room rolling down a piece of grey and white wallpaper on a wall.
A person is seen sticking their hands under a dink and rubbing soap on their hands.
There is a busy restaurant by the lakeside where nearly all the tables are occupied by guests dining there.
The man begins by scraping ice and snow off of the bottom of his windshield and the hood of his car and front grill.
The image of the boat on the water changes to night vision with only green and white colors reflecting before the credits roll.
They are doing incredible stunts on their bikes by jumping up high over ditches and steep terrain.
Several other bikers go in full speed over hilly terrain and steep hills.
They proudly raise their trophies high up to show their accomplishment.
man is climbong the rock wall holding it and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too.
He then puts the objects together to create a large flame and hammers down a tool in the end and shows the results.
A man in grey shirt applies plaster with a handheld spatula to the interior wall of a building.
A camera pans in on a television set that leads into a man holding a stick in front of a large crowd.
The man continues to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to properly wash dishes.
A girl is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding bottles and washing her face.
A man dressed inn a black shirt and camouflage print shorts is demonstrating how to fix the rubber tires on a car wheel rim.
Then he fits the inner rim of the wheel into the tire.
Then he uses a torque wrench to tighten the screws further.
They are then shown playing volleyall on a field in front of several tents.
A boy makes a hand gesture in front of the camera as he smiles.
She begins moving up and down the board while spinning herself around and moving her body.
A young boy is seen riding along a skateboard followed by several more shots of people riding on boards.
The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge.
Music starts to play and she gets up and begins belly dancing.
As she dances, others watch.
A man steps on a diving board and jumps.
A boy is hitting the pinata with a stick.
Another worker sprays water all over the roof.
A person put objects in a pumpkin on a desk while looking inside it.
A group of people are skiing down the side of a mountain.
People give each other high fives as they ski.
The man puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping.
We see a lady from china run and perform a high jump and see her score and we see her manager and a slow motion.
The lady from China has  a second turn and also knocks over the bar and looks mad.
He is shown with two different accordians as he continues to play.
The bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play again.
A rests underneath a car in place but not lifting it off the ground.
The man uses the electric drill again to mind down the floor jack and lower the car.
A male gymnast walks up to a beam, powdering his hands.
Another man in a black shirt runs towards the man in the orange shirt.
The young woman continues to video the track with her tablet.
There is a photo with a guy wearing a track uniform.
She continues the process till the entire head of hair is curled with the iron.
Two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they're wearing to reveal spandex clothing, then turn to face the camera to speak.
A large group of people ride bicycles down the road.
The title "How to Shave Your Legs" appears over a man performing that action.
The man demonstrates how to lather up your legs.
They then demonstrate how to rinse your legs off.
A man rides a bike down the road.
the kids are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
People are pulled up a hill on a tug rope sitting on inter tubes.
The cut limes are placed in a blender with a liquid and blended.
We see numerous people running into water with kayaks, racing down a river of rapids.
The lady spins and does a pliea.
The lady then walks off camera while laughing.
The man in the pink suit falls down.
The man with out a shirt throws a barrel on the man in the black suit.
A jump runner warms up before going in for a long jump.
He does the long jump, then immediately hops up and runs back, cheering and celebrating with the crowd.
He then poses in front of a scoreboard while people take photographs.
A man makes repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while two cats look on.
A man enters a bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor.
He keeps going down the street on his long board.
We see people in bumper cars at a carnival.
The man continues to dance around and hold poses while looking back to the camera.
The camera captures the men performing different tricks as well as swimming in the ocean and moving in slow motion.
A water polo game is shown, with one player highlighted.
The man is reeling in a fish for a long time.
The man performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
There are several people in a park participating in outdoor activities.
A man cuts the hedge of a house using a trimmer.
An onboard camera captures all of the fun.
They go through the ocean water steadily and at high speed.
One of the sailors pulls a red rope as he wake boards on the steam boat.
She demonstrates how to use exercise equipment, pedalling and pulling ropes, even while sitting at a computer.
A guy run with a thin, elongated stick and throws the stick.
The guy smiles and puts a cloth down.
the participants take turns to use their bow and arrow to aim art the target board placed several feet away from them.
A person is walking along a slack line.
The couple continue to spin and perform the tango routine while the man spins her around behind him.
They work in unison and it is very rough.
A shot of them in slow motion of the most difficult parts is then shown.
A lady is standing and holding a hammer.
The lady spins with the hammer and throws the hammer.
A man is using a hookah inside a room.
Another man takes the hookah and takes a hit as well.
A replay of the man bowling with each ball is shown.
A man talks with people watching him.
Once they reach the bottom,they grab their tube and begin to walk off the slope.
An intro video with a blue screen that has a picture of a drawn ship is in the background while yellow words scroll from the bottom to the top.
A view from the water begins and a few houses and a lot of trees are shown on land.
A school of fishes appear and they're swimming and hanging around the boat.
The focus goes back to the snorkelers as they continue to explore the area with their flashlights.
A man is seated, playing a guitar.
People are playing a polo match in a field.
The camera stays on number 2 the whole time.
A man named bob is running and does a long jump.
Various text intros lead into several people running down a long track.
Man scraps the ice from his windshield.
The club lights flash and a band plays music as people dance.
Next, the girl turns on the faucet of the bathtub and bend, after the girl turns off the faucet and clean her hands while speaking.
We see a man talking.
There are two contestants participating in the athletic jump competition.
Both the contestants successfully jump over the bar.
There are several people getting ready to ski.
The skier continues to ski downhill steadily on steep and winding slopes.
There's a girl with light eyes and dark brown hair talking about a colored eye lenses.
She shows the yellow colored lens that she has worn.
The mom comes and helps the child.
Multiple men begin to start turning their bodies as quickly as they possibly can.
The rider takes off down the course.
We see another start and a group of people take off in an indoor track.
We see shots of men riding outdoors and another gate opens.
Different people are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
The camera pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
man wearing shorts is standing next to the hopscotch game.
A man sails on a sailboard passing on front other sailors.
A woman takes picture of the city from a hill.
Two kids are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets.
A small group of people are seen standing with one another and leads into them running and playing a game of paintball.
The game continues on with the man running around and stopping in the end.
A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces.
There's another person wearing brown leather shoes on black socks.
He then stands up after he's done wearing the brown leather shoes.
The lady grabs flute and plays.
It switches between the two as they exercise.
A close up is shown as to how the machine works, and folds up for easy storage.
They run back and forth as fast as they can.
A man is wearing a suit and speaking and the words on the screen say that his name is Rich Noonan and that he's the host of Best of The Best Television.
A young man is making some faces to the camera while standing in front of a rock.
Some footage plays of other people tight rope walking and doing other tricks on the tight rope.
More footage is shown of tight rope walkers tripping and falling.
A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak.
The person continues riding around flipping in the water and moving away from the camera.
The man begins to play the saxophone briefly and then turns to the chalkboard and begins to write notes on it as he talks to the camera.
The man points to notes written on the chalkboard before beginning to play as he reads the notes from the board, before returning to talking and playing in front of the camera.
The man talks to the camera about the game.
Men are shown talking, playing the game, and posing for a team photograph at the end.
Teens skateboard on the road and a parking lot during the day.
The teens skateboard in the street day and night.
The commentator continues to discuss his technique while replaying the throw several times.
She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips, finally mixing one more time.
The oven peeps and she prepares a pan with cookie dough.
A different group of men plays tug of war with a crowd watching.
A different group of men is seen playing while people sit and stand around them.
A different group of men is shown up close while people sit and stand in the background.
Another group is seen up close with a crowd of people and a young girl screaming.
There's a guy wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel.
He is unscrewing the screws that hold the plates of the wheel.
She is then seen playing with the dog outside and intermittently speaking to the camera.
The man stands up and starts walking.
A moving cloudy sky with lightning appears before we see white text.
She grinds the cigarette into the tray when she is finished.
She then rearranges the shirt.
She then shows how to get the harder creases out.
He sets up for a race.
Text appears on the screen as it fades.
He sits on an exercise machine and starts working out.
He finishes and puts the bar down.
A little girl plays the game too and then follows the other children away from the driveway.
The man in the orange jacket skis down the hill.
They ski down the snowy hill.
Then he tried to adjust it a little more.
A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line.
We then see a child dive backward into  pool.
We see the title screen on how to make a drink.
He stirs the glass with a metal tool.
He begins to spin around very quickly.
Finally letting go and throwing the ball.
The man continues speaking and leads into clips of him pushing around a low mower.
The Awesomeness TV Network Logo Animation plays.
A woman with a blue bow in hair walks across the screen behind the man and begins talking to another woman who exits the screen.
The man is standing next to a couple of other guys, he jumps up in the air and does some kicks.
Now he is standing on the side line getting ready to do flips.
This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick, then starts flipping backwards.
A man is seen standing in on a large field performing various dog tricks with a dog.
The man showcases a shaving unit and a balm.
He shows a bowl and swivels the shaving brush around it.
The man places shaving cream all over his face with the use of his shaving brush.
He takes a razor and shaves.
He smothers shaving cream over his face face.
He splashes his face and dries it with a purple towel.
The woman points to a pot and then begins peeling the potatoes and putting them into a pot.
A female weightlifter is attempting to lift a set of weights.
The men lock arms, and begin to arm wrestle.
First the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other.
A man in a white shirt is leading the group.
Another boy is shown doing the same thing.
The man takes sausage and cooks it in a pan.
White wine is added to the mixture.
A large group of people are sitting on horses near gated areas.
The man ropes of the calf and the crowd cheers him on as the announcer gives him his time.
The person starts clipping the cats nails with a nail clipper.
They finish and pet the cat's foot.
She spanks her butt and stands there getting ready to start her run.
There are two young girls holding violins in their hands, standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them.
The older girl is helping and teaching her younger sister to properly hold the violin by changing her head position.
He beats the cymbals and drums very fast.
A large group of people riding horses are walking around each other on a large field.
He hits the ball and it lands straight into the hoop.
The teams engage in rapid back and forth hitting of the ball.
A man walks to a brick wall with a squeegee and shows us a bottle of windex.
A man is seen in several shots on a skateboard in a dark warehouse.
He plays a riff as he moves his legs rhythmically.
He plays several different tunes one after the other as he strums the guitar with his pick.
A man is seen laughing and smiling to himself and leads into him playing a piano before him.
The man pauses and looks off into the distance to see another man speaking to him as well as into a microphone.
A line of players are on a court together.
The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone.
A person is painting a wooden fence.
A cat's paws can be seen coming out from under the fence.
woman is riding a horse in a riding track.
and a girl is jumping in the tracks too.
The camera zooms in for a tighter shot of the man as he talks and before the man pulls the harmonica directly up to his face and plays the harmonica briefly before pulling the harmonica away and looking into the camera.
Several fighting scenes are shown from a martial arts movie.
They move quickly, pretending to fight for the camera.
The shooting continues among the masked soldiers until a "red team wins" letter box appears and the soldiers head to the right and thin out in numbers.
The man then holds his hands up and looks back to the camera and smiles.
Divers take turns diving from high dive platforms into a swimming pool.
The soccer players kicks it to the goalie.
Once over,they continue paddling and sailing through the water as the people on the side watches.
The video intercuts with various angles showing this trip down the mountain in a very exciting way.
She stands and wipes her trowel clean with a brush.
She wipes the wall again, then cleans her brush again twice.
Two children help him push it.
Several cars drive by them.
A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick.
The little girl turns to look at the camera in between hitting the pinata.
Then, the person takes a blade to shave her legs while washing the blade under the faucet.
There is a fast motion video showing a family carving four pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen.
As they both rise we see that they are actually heading to a table tennis game, the table on an actual tennis court.
They hit back and forth for some time, the enjoyment of the game seeming more important the winning, and they slap hands at the conclusion.
A man is seen kneeling down before a track while others watch on the sides.
A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube.
A black digital timer appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time.
More component closeups are shown.
The lady places a towel around her back.
A pair of hands are shown playing piano.
The second man imitates the first man.
After,he appears with roller blades on and starts to jump on different blocks and boulders in the city.
The man continues making his way through the city,passing cars,and jumping over rocks.
A graphic is seen with drawings of mushrooms and plants.
A tall pine tree is seen.
She shows all of the ingredients that she uses and starts to boil them and mix them on a pot on the stove.
She then starts to do more or less all of those steps again for all different types of other lemonades that she makes.
Many more shots of goals are shown during the game followed by the same shot shown again in slow motion.
Two men walk holding sticks out in front of them.
One of the men throws a disc with his stick.
A large black male and John Cena are in a wrestling ring arm wrestling.
After a certain amount of time,John Cena wins and someone jumps on his back and begins wrestling him and picks the black man up and drops him.
A marching band plays in a gym and people watch.
A boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard in the street.
The outro appears with contact information, website,logos and credits.
The skateboarder does a wheelie.
A man is standing at a bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid, dark liquid, and a red liquid.
A camera pans around a person riding around on a horse.
They then put on a performance, flipping and jumping.
The bulls circle one another.
list of materials is shown in the screen.
man is putting red tape on bicycle bars.
A dog jumps and grabs the frisbee in the air.
With a knife, she cuts a lemon in half.
She places the ice into a glass and adds the lemonade.
They are holding batons as they march.
They then walk away, off the court.
An indoor track is shown as a male begins running with a pole vault but he isn't successful in his jump.
Two other men come in from the crowd to try and dance, but the video ends.
A man is seen wearing sunglasses and speaking to the camera while holding a lacrosse stick.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about how to ski.
A man begins to talk about some key components of skiing and how to go about learning how to ski.
The sub is finally finished cut in half,rolled in paper, and then totaled out on the register.
Several boys are interacting in an ice rink.
Title cards flash across the screen.
Two boats of rafters raft down a river.
A van is then driving down the road.
He is attached to a boat while he is on water skis.
Then, the boy swings on the rod to impulse his body to swing in circles until the rod loss force.
A young man wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man riding and come to a stop.
We see the ending title screen.
Several shots are shown of the kids riding around a dirt track with one another while the camera captures them all over.
Then the man put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack.
He speaks for a while longer before the video ends.
A large group of them all line up and a view from above show that they have formed the number 7.
The boy dunks a small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it.
A person is walking along the street that has chalk on it.
The cookies are shaped and put in an oven.
The ball goes out on both sides and they are forced to get out and go and get it.
The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up.
A track athlete walks down the path.
The person walks around and interacts with the driver and leads into more clips of the person riding a board behind a car.
An ice rink is shown with a hockey game in progress with the first long shot goal is made followed by a replay.
A higher aerial view is seen of the last game to show.
One person is adding peppers to a salad.
Another person is chopping the pepper on a board.
A man is stirring something in a pot.
The first man leaves the scene as a second man enters and stirs something in a bowl.
The camera pans left to watch the first man working at an oven.
A beach goer in shorts walks past him in the distance on the wet sand of the beach.
The man continues to play the harmonica ending by pulling the harmonica away from the mouth and wriggling a large, puffy, mustache dramatically.
The man throws a frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it.
A young woman is in a gym.
She sits on an exercise machine while speaking to the camera.
A man is playing the drums while wearing earphones.
We see a game being played before returning to the drummer.
The man throws and catches one of his drumsticks.
He records all of the music on a laptop.
A girl in jeans enters the ropes and performs different jumping moves.
A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping.
She pets the horse as she talks, and tries to keep him calm.
We see an animated opening scene.
We see the man holding his pole and make his 2nd attempt knocking over the pole.
The man raises his arms in the air.
She shows off a mug filled with gifts.
A camera pans around a dark kitchen and leads to the person walking down a set of stairs.
Clothes are seen on the floor followed by a woman in curlers smoking a cigarette and playing on the computer.
The person continues moving around to cut the grass and the camera captures his movements.
A young man sits on a cardio machine.
After, the man pulls the handle of la machine to do abs.
A news man is talking in front of an image of a bulldog puppy.
A man shows how he received prostetic legs for the dog.
He ropes a little calf with a lasso.
A cue ball rolls on a table slowly away from the pocket.
The teams stand together around a circle and face off to start the match.
Hockey player play a game and skate around the ice passing back and forth.
He waves at the crowd and walks off.
She walks up to a man and shakes his hand.
She walks away, perusing the items on the shelves before leaning onto the counter, flexing her biceps.
The woman shows the man her biceps before engaging in arm wrestling with him.
man is running wearing stilts in a green grassy field.
A man is seen standing at the end of a dock and looking back to people partying.
The people continuing moving around while others watch on the side and the soldier joining in as well.
The woman seems a bit distressed about the game.
A person does a routine on parallel bars.
He does his routine and then dismounts.
The person then sharpens the blade on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper.
The words "Abstract Birds/Oil Painting Katy Jade Dobson" appear on screen.
He puts ice into the glass and pours drinks into it.
Two men are messing around while cleaning the car.
A sign shows the services they offer.
man is sitting in a room playing congas.
keyboard is behind the man playing congsa in a room.
man is playing salsa in congas in a music room.
When the girl reaches the end of the yard she makes a turn and drives up in the same direction she just came from.
When she reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
The girl then makes her turn in the opposite direction once again and when she reaches half way down the yard she turns once again and heads up the direction she just came from.
Then the rest of the procedure is completed.
The truck starts driving and the man is pulled behind on the tow rope.
The man slows down before he lets go of the tow rope and comes to a stop.
The man gets up, falls to the ground, and lays there.
The man continues to play while moving his hands all around and stopping to look at the camera.
We see people standing in an aerobics class.
All of a sudden,she returns back to the diving board and does a crazy flip where her knees are tucked in and she's doing several flips and then men applaud her and there's an instant replay.
The video is about Bristol BMX Club holding a biking event.
The bikers get ready to begin their race.
The bikers are from various age groups ranging from teenagers to adults.
little kid is standing in a pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool.
A girl is dancing in front of a mirror in the room.
He watches her from outside the room.
The saxophone player glances over to his keyboard player.
The water is boiling in the bot.
We see the pasta box up close.
Several swimmers are swimming in the pool.
A man is shown speedily raking leaves in his front yard.
Several cars go by as he continues raking.
He rakes around the bushes and tree in his yard.
The man sharpens and then holds up a knife.
We see the lady shave a dogs fur and brush the dog.
We then see the dogs on the floor again.
We see the lady and her contact info over her face.
A baseball player hits a run on a sporting field and runs the bases making a home run.
Two young girls are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another.
A lady is wiping her face.
A little girl is applying makeup to her face.
The mother does the girls makeup.
Next she is shown standing off the track smiling with her arms raised in the air filled with joy.
A man is seated on the edge of the platform and holds onto large ropes.
We see the skier without the boat.
We see the skier ski.
We see the skier swim towards the boat.
The man is strumming the guitar.
The man is pressing the thread on the guitar keys as he strum the guitar.
The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table.
She displays more ballet moves.
The man then stands and plays the violin.
We go back to the man playing the violin.
A man in a red apron is talking.
He's scraping the top of the board he ironed.
The female gymnast runs to the springboard and jumps from it to the balance beam.
The female gymnast then does her tumbling routine on the balance beam while commentators explain what she is doing and how difficult it is.
An Asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam.
The female gymnast lands perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face Other gymnasts in the background watch and clap.
Three Asian gymnasts in yellow watch and clap without smiling.
The female gymnast hugs another coach and another one of her teammates while a man films them with a large camera.
The female gymnast talks with her team while waiting for her score to be displayed.
The man begins to demonstrate how to use the digital panel on the exercise machine by pointing at it and talking to the camera.
A man is standing in a gym holding up a large bicycle wheel moving his hands along the tube inside the rubber.
A man uses a trimmer to trim the leaves on a tree in a backyard, starting in the middle.
He moves to his left to continue trimming the tree.
Once fully charged,the man rinses the razors,applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave.
The winner is interviewed afterward.
There's a yellow and red tube shown with the name Bali River printed on it.
A man is seen wearing a mask and pushing an object along a wall.
Two women hold hand and start rollerblading, while the girl in the red shirt learns how.
The girl in the red shirt falls and they all laugh.
The camera occasionally and finally settles on a yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves.
man is standing on a room playing dart.
A young man fills a clear cup with liquid, puts it on the counter, covers it with a paper cup, shakes it vigorously, and when he's done he puts the paper cup down and pours all the contents into it, puts a yellow straw into it and hands it to the person waiting.
A man in a blue shirt talks next to a air hockey table game in a showcase room, interspersed with video of four men demonstrating a game of air table hockey.
The camera cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game.
The man speaks again, next to the table game, until the camera pans away again to the men playing air hockey until the scene fades to an elaborate Gold Standard Games marketing graphic.
A man and woman kiss.
He starts to count and drum.
A mime walks in with fireworks while the group still sings and many around are seen laughing and smiling.
Then, the man jumps crossing the arms, after he jumps normal for long time.
After, the young man moves the rope with the right hand, then he moves it with both hands and also moves the rope on front.
People sit around the pool.
a man is crouching in the woods next to a pile of stones.
He is explaining the building of a fire.
People are playing hockey on an ice rink.
A person falls over onto the ice.
Two kids with extremly long hair are outside near a group of sheds.
The shorter boy begins pulling the other guys hair and pulling him by it.
However,the boy lets the guys hair go and the guy begins to knee him in the private area,pick him up over his head and drop him on a piece of wood.
A brunette woman taps a blonde woman on her back, points to something on the ground, and the women smile with the blonde woman leans over and picks up her sweater that was on the ground.
A woman dressed in a blue flowing dress with a blue bodysuit underneath is standing up, and she begins to do a ballet dance routine in the middle of the large dancing floor while the people in the reception area are watching her every move, taking picture and videoing her.
she turn around the cards and mixing it.
Ingredients are added, stirred, and then the mixture is put in the oven.
There's a woman in a black raincoat standing next to a wooden fence.
She is joined by a little girl wearing a polka dotted jacket who brings her some green paint.
The man dives into the water and is shown in several clips swimming around and fish moving along as well.
One begins climbing along the bars with several other people coming from behind.
One woman falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars.
The man continues to play the instrument while the camera shows off more scenery of snowy areas and the man continuing to play.
We see a pile of sticks to the left and see a flint.
A woman on a beach begins to build a sand castle.
She puts clothes into the buckets of water that are in the sink.
The man falls onto the ground being chased by the bull.
A gymnast exercise on the parallel bars while the coach give directions and fix a mat.
We see a title on a dark gray screen, We see a boat on a lake from different angles.
She mixes the ingredients together, then shakes them up before pouring into a glass filled with ice.
Three men sit together on a couch.
The man pulls a gun and points it at the other man.
The woman knitting talks back to the girl.
She finishes and the little boy smiles.
A group is playing volleyball in a swimmming pool.
A person pass on front the boy.
She begins by braiding one side of her hair and then twists it down and does the same thing on the other side.
With one twist,she pulls it up and bobby pins it together with the other side following.
A woman gets her hair cut very short in a kitchen by a woman with a pair of scissors.
A man, wearing glasses, talks into the camera in a close up shot before the camera pans to a woman seated in a soft chair and focuses on her upper arm.
The camera pans to a close up of the woman in the kitchen chair who has had most of her hair cut off  and now how a very short haircut.
The camera cuts again to the man who first appears in the film and a shot of a digital clock displaying the time.
She holds up the clothes and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help.
The person has  skillet with butter they add eggs to.
The person flips the eggs.
A fire starts on the eye the person blow it out.
Several shots of the scenery are shown interspersed with the woman waiting.
A replay of the woman bungeeing off the platform is shown.
The man break dances then sees there is a man across the room.
The men then take turns break dancing.
The men stand face to face and break dance together.
We then see the ending title screen.
The man spins the woman in the air in front of him.
The girls begin performing a dance routine while using batons.
A woman is walking on the beach carrying a surfboard.
The man climbs up a tall ladder to trim the trees and bushes several times.
A group of kids are inside a building.
They are all riding bumper cars around a track.
The lady is soaking dishes in soapy water.
The woman shakes her hips as she dances.
Credits appear on the screen.
The man tries to open his trunk again, this time the opening is easier and the man climbs into the trunk of the car to the front of the car to open the drivers door from the inside drivers seat.
The man rubs his cloth in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance.
The man continues to polish the show around the toe of the shoe near the toe in a circular motion.
The view change to the view of the lawn mower and the mower is moving along a yard filled with green grass.
The person feeds the fire and moves it to a hole.
A man stands on front a sink.
A man lifts up a large pitcher of beer and starts drinking it.
People sitting around a table cheer him on.
The people around the table start pumping their hands in the air.
A man stands in a rustic living room and plays a bagpipe in his socks.
We see a man tapping his foot as he plays.
Guys are break dancing on a stage in front of an audience.
Each girl dances on the ledge gracefully.
The leader puts her hand in the air.
A girl in an orange shirt takes a drink of mouth wash.
She walks towards the sink and turns on the tap.
She demonstrates how to properly rub the palms and the wrist area to ensure a clean wash.
Then she uses her right elbow to turn off the tap to avoid touching it directly.
Then she takes a paper towel from the window sill and wipes her hands dry.
A falls off a skateboard in an awkward way.
Then we see several other boys as they trip and fall.
They take sharp turns on suburban roads, trying to stay on their boards.
The woman throws the paper towel in a designated waste bin.
The people continue running around and stop i the end to speak to one another.
There is a very tall and steep slide running through some trees in a large open ground.
Three men re waxing skis in a workshop and we see the man at the press conference.
We see the men skiing.
A man is seen sitting in a chair as well as shots of people riding wake boards and clips of a dock.
The lady sits the camera on the floor, and continues blow drying her hair.
He speeds up his jumping.
First, the person is seen unscrewing the handle bars.
Then he unscrews the base to level it out to his liking.
Two men are in a room with three walls and a set of glass doors behind them hitting a ball back and fourth against the wall with tennis rackets.
The man wipes a substance from a jug on the wood and the sander and sands the wood.
She flips off the bar and lands on her feet.
A man in a blue outfit puts chalk on his hands.
The man in the blue outfit picks up a large weight and lifts it over his head.
The crowd cheers for him.
He gives a man in a suit a hug.
We see a countdown clock.
A hand is pushing a grass blower machine.
The machine spit out dry leaves from a black pole.
In the end people perform a little dance with showing how to properly wash your hands.
We see people deep sea diving.
People are throwing up hand signs.
A small group of people are seen standing on a beach playing a game of volleyball.
One person hits it to the other and they hit the ball game.
Various people are shown smiling into a camera and being interviewed about a question.
The front of a yellow kayak is seen as the boat floats through turbulent white waters of a river.
The woman shows off her finished hair do while looking and smiling to the camera.
He is using a racquet to hit a tennis ball back and forth against a wall.
He continues hitting the ball until he is finished playing the game.
He finishes the lemonade and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip.
The camera pans into scenes of men stretching and watching followed by one running down the long jump and cheering to the crowd.
His jump is shown several more times followed by other's jumping performing their jump in front of the large crowd.
The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt.
The screen shows company sponsors for a winter club event.
Several people are entering the Curling room inside the club.
They applaud themselves and each other high fives to express their victory.
While she continues brushing, she opens her mouth.
She starts brushing her tongue thoroughly.
Then she continues brushing her upper and lower teeth again.
She spits out some toothpaste.
Some of the toothpaste falls on her chin making it look like a white beard.
Then she laughs as she shows her teeth with a wide smile.
A logo appears then the word fencing.
Two kids are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly.
After,various group of people are shown and a couple floats together with a dog sitting on the male's lap.
First the man pushes a tire and he steps inside of it.
He then starts hula hooping inside of the tire with it around his waist.
A man is shown working in an outdoor garden.
He trims a long row of hedges, then cleans up the debris.
The man stops and talks before playing the drums again.
We see two men sitting and the first man is clapping his hands.
A person adjust the angle of the pedal and continues running.
A woman leans over a boy, dabbing his face with a substance.
He laughs and struggles as she continues.
He grabs her by the hair, eating the piece of food she had been rubbing on him.
He shows how the shears can be used effectively in hard to reach places.
A person shows up on a stage dancing in the dark with an LED hula hoop.
The closing credits show up on the screen as the video ends.
It is dark in the room and colorful lights come on.
They finish their song and one gives a hand gesture to the camera while the other smiles.
A man is buffing the floor with a blue buffer.
The person continues playing on the instrument and stops to turn off the camera.
The men are chasing the ball and hitting with mallet.
The lady add ice and three shots liquor to a glass.
We see a red closing screen and a long black screen.
Several shots are shown of people wandering on a beach that lead into clips of a soccer match and people celebrating.
A dog who is missing his front legs is walking across a lawn.
A man in cold weather clothing is kayaking on a river.
The shot pans out to show several kayaks, and the man stuck on a small waterfall.
The couple walk the dog down to a lake.
Various ingredients are laid out on a counter and are all mixed together in a bowl.
The person is then shown placing dough balls into the oven and pressing a button.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while a shot of a person playing basketball shows behind.
He then pours more food items under water and into a pot filled with water.
Two men are outside on the side of a bridge talking to each other as several people are walking by talking to them and shaking their hands.
She jumps off of the diving board.
People are dancing on a stage.
A person's hands are seen close up on a tool and begins moving the handle around and taking the tool apart.
Several more clips of other fighters are shown, flipping, rolling, and kicking.
Another blue screen appears and it has white text that say's "OK then so heres us in action" and numerous still shot pictures display of people playing water polo in the pool, or just hanging out are displayed.
A large man is dancing inside a dark room.
A young man is washing clothes inside a bathroom sink as he talks to the camera.
Subsequently he keeps washing the clothes as he talks to the camera.
The person continues cutting the claws while the cat attempts to get up several times.
The lady lifts her leg up behind her and moves it to the front and rests it on her leg.
The lady stands in front of the camera facing the mirror.
She demonstrates how to use the brush to scrape snow off a car.
A lady is brushing her hair.
The camera zooms in on the trumpet player.
The duo continue playing until the song ends.
He reaches up, cutting the branches and twigs.
The men continue to play with one another around the room while the camera follows their movements.
A man trims a large hedge with a pole trimmer.
a girl is holding a baton her hand.
The man then grabs the ski and puts it into the green machinery that is located behind him and runs it through the machine a few times then removes it and stars to work on the backside of the ski which appears to look like he is sanding, taping and pouring some type of clear finish onto it.
The man then runs a device over the sky that looks like an iron, and continues to sand it, clear it off, scrape it, and use the ironing device again.
When he's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine.
A person wash the dishes using a brush in a sink.
Then, the person wash the utensils while cleaning with the brush.
The camera then moves and the person zooms in on the contents of the fruit bowls,showing pineapples,strawberries and grapes.
The children all run to the floor.
A woman is dancing in the middle of the street with a baton.
A man in a purple sweatshirt grinds down a staircase railing.
The man in the blue sweatshirt grinds down a railing and lands stylishly on the floor.
Another man pulls the spring board out of the way.
A large crowd watches from the stands in the gym.
A man is painting the wood with brush, the wood is being shown.
A man throws snow on people.
A person is stuck in the snow is buried by others.
A middle age woman is shown squatting down picking up snow and dumping it in pile.
She then walks towards the camera and sticks her tongue out.
A small group of people are seen on a stage getting their instruments ready.
The man then covers the wood with shingles.
The person picks up a slice from the bowl and cuts it.
In a dark crystal ball, an alien looking thing is looking at the characters inside.
A woman bends down and lifts a heavy weight over her head.
She took the left paw to clip, the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head.
One couple is walking a pit bull on a leash.
Birds fly into the sky above the water.
He is in the car talking.
There is a pile of snow behind him.
The log split in two with one strike.
A man bends over to talk to the camera.
He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk.
A man is seen riding around on roller blades in a park and performs a grind while the camera slows down.
The camera man holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking.
A girl plays a wind box instrument inside of a house.
The woman laughs then resumes playing the song on the instrument.
She is then on horseback, and a woman is shown in several scenes talking about technique.
The person cuts the cat's claws with a scissor shape clipper.
A boat is in the water.
Two people are shown and then several boats are advertised.
Next,people on the boat comes into the water as well as on jet skis as a man stands on top of a large cliff over the water.
The man misses the pinata and hits a person behind him, shown again in slow motion.
The man sat on the rowing machine and put his feet on the pedal.
They are holding their backpacks and gear.
A shirtless man is playing bongo drums in front of a microphone.
Two young boys perform martial arts dances.
Behind the performs sits a group of men playing music for the performance.
After, the man put a metal rod on the mouth of the fish.
A person is seen throwing plaster onto a wall while the camera follows the person close behind.
Then different people are shown skiing up ramps to do cool tricks.
A young man puts in a pan oil, onions, tomatoes, green leaves and salt, then mix to cook the vegetables.
He grabs the cube again and begins to complete it.
The man begins to play the drums as the camera records him.
He pauses again and waits for a reaction from the crowd.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as riding in a canoe with another woman.
Fit guys stand on a bleach.
The guys play beach soccer.
A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft.
He turns around and looks at the camera.
We see a illustration of badminton.
We see animations as the man hits the ball.
We see a illustration of the man.
A man is talking in a green room.
A green paint brush holder is shown.
They are dropping thinner into the paint with a dropper.
There is a model airplane sitting on the table.
The airplane is being painted a gold color.
A person is seen walking along the snow and pulling a sled behind him.
A lady is washing a small dog in a sink.
She drapes the dog over a rolled up towel.
She then picks up the dog.
He is then shown mowing lawns and trimming hedges while speaking to the camera as well as blowing leaves out of a yard.
Teams take shots on a goal keeper that are blocked.
Scenes of women using various methods to curl their hair are shown.
Several women display their curled hair.
A yellow circle is shown around a particular player.
The continue riding down the treacherous waves as the camera watches them from afar.
A shot of a sunset set is shown followed by peaking smoking and walking around a paint ball pit.
The men speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
A small child is seen laying down on a rug while the camera records them.
A close up is seen of chords and numbers scrolling next to the top of a guitar.
Instructions are being given for playing the instrument.
man is doing high jumps inf ront of the las vegas sign in the street and above a stoned wall in the street.
After consulting with the referee and seeking help,the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
They look at each other, remove their mouth pieces, then kiss.
A woman is standing in a room talking.
She uses a towel to dry her face.
A little boy is in an outdoor parking lot.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a toilet paper roll and begins blowing smoke into the roll.
A person is seen sitting in a kayak and moving himself down a rough river.
A woman in a white scarf turns a lantern off.
Various shots of the same routine are shown with pauses in between and notes as to proper technique are shown.
woman is standing in front of a screenboard.
man is cooking chopping carrots and sautee the vegetables in a fying pan and serving it in bowls abd out the dressing and cheese while pople behind him are watching him cook.
A young girl is seen sitting on a couch next to an adult looking down at their feet.
The girl plays with a toy iron and moves the item up and down on a shirt.
Inside the warehouse we see a box the men ride their skateboards over.
He flips the skateboard, and we see it in slow motion.
The man gets a hat, and we see the end screen.
A man jumps on a pile of boxes and we see the end screen again.
Betty Heidler competes in the Olimpic games in the women's hammer category.
Betty Heidler starts spinning and then with all the momentum tossed the hammer really far away.
People workout on a fitness machine pulling a strings on a rod and going back and forth.
A man folds a fitness machine in a gym.
Then, a man make workouts in a fitness machine.
Several people are seen playing a paintball match with one another and continuously moving around the forest and holding up a gun.
The person then runs through an area holding his gun up and shooting when a person arrives.
The river is lined with many trees.
A group of men play foosball outdoors.
We see a closing screen.
A woman in black uniform shakes hands with judges.
A woman in white uniform walks up and greets judges shaking their hands.
He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises.
A man on the right kicks the ball into the goal.
The man then lifts the cutters up and begins cutting more towards his left side.
The woman turns to the side to show her braid.
They are holding a rope, getting ready to pull.
The two teams begin pulling, trying to win the competition as a crowd watches.
They work in teams, trying to build and repair.
He rises from the ground as the crowd claps.
back to the studio are three commentators talking.
The man peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot.
The man cuts up some garlic.
The woman joins the man at the table and she cuts butter in half.
The woman throws the butter into a saucepan.
The man pauses for a second to throw in some water and resumes to stirring the potatoes.
The finished mashed potatoes dish is left on a counter.
the kids are on the swing while one kid stand and push a little dog on the swing.
The two men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
A woman is sitting down in a chair with a woman standing behind her.
There is a group of ladies in a gym dressed in workout tops and tights.
They are coordinating their steps and synchronizing their moves as they step on and off of the platform.
After they're done, they stop and raise remove the platforms.
A shot of a cyclist is shown and then it cuts back to the same man in white speaking.
A woman is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips.
As he walks in ,he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up a camera.
She does a back flip and goes into the splits.
A man is seen riding a camel that has a cart attached to the back with two passengers.
A third fish is pulled out of another hole in the ice and then thrown back into the hole.
A man is sitting on a street.
He is playing an instrument next to an open instrument case.
A man flips over on his kayak from being turned over in the water.
The coaches trail them as they play, at time, trying to block the throws using the hands.
A shuffleboard is sitting against a wall.
The young people removed the arrows from the target boards.
A woman is laying down in a chair as a man with gloves works.
He places clamps on various parts of her nose.
An athletic man is seen standing ready in front of a large crowd and then runs down the track and jumps over a beam.
The camera zooms in on several players and leads into a small group of people playing soccer against one another.
They do it  a third time.
Shots are shown of people jumping off the side of the bridge while the camera captures more landscapes.
He kicks and punches the bag and ends by walking towards the camera.
Two individuals play squash together in an indoor court.
She begins chopping the vegetables and putting the dressing on the bread.
Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet.
The person washes, and drys the silicone baking sheet.
He hits the discs with the arrow every time.
More bubbles are shown followed by a man jumping in.
A ladder is leaning against a house.
The man keeps playing the drums.
girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking.
The person cleans and cuts the nails of the front legs of the cat.
A man is talking from behind a bar.
He shows off several kinds of bottles and taps.
After, the cat touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes.
A guy holds a light cloth.
The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack.
A man in gray shirt and jeans with orange helmet is trimming the hedges, he is standing in a ladder to reach the top of the hedge and trim it, the man continue to trim the hedge.
The person then spins the surface around on a spinning table and paints the sides.
People are standing behind him playing pool on another table.
The man jumps multiple times and goes further each jump.
The man bends down and touches the ground while twisting.
An arrow graphic is seen and title text.
The woman finishes and closes the accordion.
She falls in after standing up and then squatting again.
The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees.
A dog is sitting on an orange couch.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while turning on a faucet.
The dog runs every time she throws the Frisbee at a distance and fetches it for her.
The dog continues to jump and catch the Frisbee in his mouth.
Two young friends are together on a sandy beach.
Next we see them again seated on the sand facing each other as they begin to build something in the sand.
Various clips are shown of people riding around on bikes as well as sitting on bikes ready to race.
Several clips are shown of people up close as well as them riding around on bikes.
A guy is splitting wood into halves.
A ball flies through he air on a baseball field.
A large group of people are seen standing around a pool as well as people writing on paper and speaking to one another.
A drawing of airplanes and machineries are being use, then pictures of men and a woman.
He pulls some leaves off of the trees.
A man water skiis at a river.
A guy holding onto a rope attached to a boat water skiis.
The water skiier glides back and forth on the water of the river.
More kids are seen picking up balls and throwing them to the other side.
More clips are shown of people getting ready on land as well as swimming around the ocean.
The dog follows the person shoveling while biting at the shovel and barking at the camera man.
People start fighting outside on the ground.
We see a girl kick and sit down.
A man is seen speaking into a microphone with another man on stage.
Kids ride on inflatable tubes down lanes on a ski slope.
A man plays a song on an acoustic guitar in a studio.
A boy holding a ball throw to another player and the opponents also throws ball.
Three individuals sit on stage and have a conversation.
The man and woman gesture the dancers hand movements.
A standing man who is backstage claps.
A young man in a black shirt hits a small ball against the wall.
She sweeps the base of the stand.
A still shot of six different solid colors of nail polish are shown and some are rounded bottles and some are square bottles.
A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes.
A colorful screen with colorful text appears and it say's "Thanks for watching SWOOSH!" and more still shots of the finished colorful zebra nails are displayed in different positions and angles.
The two men cross a person alone in a canoe.
He dips and lowers while taking a break.
He removes his gloves and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly.
A person is shaving their beard with an electric shaver.
They are slowly moving the shaver up their chin.
The sprays water again with the bucket and rubs his eyes.
Two women are on the floor, wrapping presents.
The woman continues pushing the machine around the yard and turns her back towards the camera to mow the back.
An old lady knits with a red needle and red wool.
An old lady stops knitting and talks continuously.
A young girl is applying sunscreen to her face.
The man tilts the pumpkin back into the light.
We see the ending screen with a website.
The older man wins the match and the referees and everyone start to talk.
A large group of people are seen in various areas of a building while some are signing up for a race.
After, the person rinse the sinks with water and dries with a cloth.
A camera pans all around a frozen lake with trees and leads into a group of people fishing around a hole.
Several men stand in a dirt arena.
A person walks by the camera as the shaky camera focuses on the people who are already in the pool swimming.
There are two elderly women holding sticks, and they are getting ready to hit the disks across the board into the man's crotch while 5 men are standing alongside the board watching and cringing.
A dog appears, as people continue to bustle.
A man is seen waxing a set of skis while looking back to speak to the camera.
She goes slower then goes fast again.
Two of the people start dancing, the woman starts singing, then all the people are now holding instruments and are smiling as they start playing their instruments, dancing, and singing together.
When he's done, someone comes on stage and gives him a hug.
We watch  girl perform see ladies serving snacks and watch another person perform.
A gymnast is performing on the bars while a crowds is watching.
Then, the man wraps the box with gift paper.
The two men in black place the man in blue's legs around the neck of another man, the biggest man on the stage, who is also dressed in black.
More shots are shown of the woman adjusting the machine as well as rolling it away and continuing to ride.
The four individuals then move in front of a building and start hoping around then eventually to a set of steps in what looks to be a court yard.
A man is seen standing in a garage and proceeds to play a set of bagpipes.
Now,a line of people are in the sand just standing around watching them as the people on the camel begin to talk back to them.
The man flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
A man is seen wearing an apron in front of sink stacked with many dishes.
He takes the hookah out of his mouth and exhales letting out a bunch of smoke.
He keeps inhaling and continues to try blowing out the smoke.
Papers are being shown on the screen.
The man continues to talk to the microphone.
A man in a black shirt is talking.
The men are playing more wall ball.
A man in a black shirt is playing a drum set.
People in black play dodge ball on a court.
A guy dives to the ground to prevent ball from hitting him.
A man is laying in bed and looks at his phone.
He stands up and runs out the door.
Several people are shown warming up for a race.
The woman then spins around and throws a discuss off into the air while the camera follows her.
A man sitting on the deck of the boat is talking to the camera while a man behind him is standing and the man beside that standing man is controlling the steering wheel of the boat.
After she's done, she smiles and walks out of the pool.
The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
We see the building behind the car.
We do a 360 spin to see the parking lot.
Two people are seen sitting on a ski bench putting on gear and leads into people pushing a puck around a hockey rink.
Several shots are shown of the players skating around the ice and playing the sport of hockey.
A man is shown inside a church.
He continues to play, not moving.
A guy steps out of a line and charges at the camera.
A man drops a tennis racquet with ball then hits the ball.
The shoe is cleaned more with the toothbrush and a towel.
The lady is so in shock and drops hair from her lap and looks down at the ground at all the hair, touches her hair, stands up to look in the mirror, screams, cries, starts freaking out, sits back down and stands back up to look in the mirror.
An intro leads into several shots of skateboarders riding around on rails in a large city.
Then the person serves the lemonade.
The crowd sits silently while he does this.
man is standing in street holding a board and skateboarding through the street.
He spins in circles, looking around.
A man is shown sanding a wall and laying out a large piece of water paper across the wall.
It shows the pumpkin in the light.
The lady wins and the man in the suit raises her hand.
A woman walks into a backyard, and flips her hair forward.
She brushes her hair for a long time, smoothing and tossing it.
She stands upright, then bends over to brush some more.
A yellow frame with girls playing Lacross opens up the video.
A game of girls Lacross is going on as different slides are shown.
Someone picks up a yellow and black jump rope from the floor and walks off with it.
We switch to people on teams, and military marching in a yard.
The players are showing all the steps in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point.
A group of four young girls are standing beside each other in the bathroom and they chug something.
They are swishing it in their mouths and almost all of them have their hands over their mouths.
A woman has a bandana tied around her eyes.
She uses a stick to swing at a pinata.
A man is standing outside a tattoo and piercing parlor.
He shows a close up of his work, which says thuglife.
A martial arts artists performs slow moves with her arms and legs simultaneously.
They form into two rows and finish the song.
There's a man in a red shirt and a checked shirt over it, standing in a park.
Then he holds the skateboard in his hand as he talks while pointing to the bench.
An elderly woman is sitting on the couch with a young girl, showing her how to thread yard onto a knitting hook.
They are throwing darts at targets.
A man and a woman stand on a street talking on front a window.
A person passes on front the man and the woman.
People pass on front the woman and the man.
The lemons are scraped back and forth against a metal food grater to get the zest off of them leaving the skin of the lemon in a bowl.
Two rows of people are playing table soccer.
The scene changes to a reported behind a desk.
A woman alone then appears on the stage with white words on the bottom left that say "BALLET D'ORIENT",and a special effect background and she begins to belly dance, then other women join her.
Another man is interviewed by the camera and shows off his surfing skills on his board.
A man is outside in a tennis court talking while he is holding a tennis racket.
He shows how you should hit the ball properly and goes on talking some more.
man talks to the one who was standing by the tree and gives him a barbie.
He adjusts more settings as well as watches tv when he works out and close ups of his feet and body shown.
The roof is cleaned and the seal is made again.
Children bring desert out for their family member.
The people in the restaurant laugh at the man and he wonders what they are doing.
The man gets up and walks away to the other room.
man is standing holding an harmonica while is playing the guitar and its reading the music sheet.
More clips are shown of people riding in the water and doing flips in the kayaks.
A firefighter is shown walking on a tight rope in his gear very slowly.
A man is standing up behind him talking.
Two people are seen walking out of a building and leads into them playing crochet with one another.
The judge signals for the competition to begin again and everyone applauds when one of them wins.
A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat.
The person finishes cutting the cat's nails and pets the cats head and shows the clippers close to the camera before walking away.
He climbs the ladder and begins trimming the tree.
After,an image of a lung is shown and shows how cigarettes affect your organs.
We then see more of the mop in action.
Next,a young man approaches the bars,does his routine,and then comes back to to his interview.
A demonstration of the tool emitting heat in real time.
The tool is shown in real time emitting heat with a photo of a welded material.
A graph illustrates Short Arc with the Voltage and Amperage documented.
A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool.
Then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts the weight bar again and drops it.
A man wearing headphones stands behind a pair of large drums.
The man plays drums with his palms.
He ties the end and folds it into double knots.
Two men are shown on a squash court playing a game of squash.
Text shows up on the screen showing the things you will need for the game.
At the end of the video a text box shows up with a fun fact about squash.
A man cross a parking lot bouncing with bouncing shoes.
There are car in the paring lot.
After several hits,one man decides to kick the ball over the net and another man takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt.
Old clips are shown of a man drawing a picture and two children watching.
The person is shown knocking down 9 of the bowling pins, which means he has a spare.
A group of drum players gather, playing in a room.
The player jumped and cartwheel high.
Several shots are shown of forests that lead into a person gearing up and riding in a kayak.
A woman is seen inside a bathroom.
A group of women play  field hockey on an outdoor field covered in grass .
The red team and blue team continue to play field hockey while a referee watches on and a guard guards the goal.
He adjusts a ladder and leans it up against the structure, walks back to look, and adjusts it a couple more times.
The person then pierces the ear of the girl sitting down.
The boy scrubs a metal sink with a brush.
They rides the waves to the shore together.
The same man does this two more times.
A red car and a car behind it is at a car wash and both of them are being worked on by two sets of people at each car.
They are paddling in a boat down a river.
A man is standing in the water holding an oar.
The chef maneuvers the egg over the stove with a fork gently prodding it.
The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again.
We see an indoor hockey game.
They are all wearing flippers.
A girl is underwater wearing scuba gear.
Several children practice wearing scuba gear.
The woman then begins to groom under the dogs front legs.
The girl is then handed a bat and attempts to break open a pinata.
The kite continues to move in the air while a person continue flying it.
The men wait then take off riding around the track.
A man in black is sitting and playing at a piano while a man in red is standing near drums.
The man in red begins bobbing his head to the beat of the piano music.
A boat is seen riding along the water with people sitting on the sides and watching.
woman is laying down in a bed and a man is assisting her.
There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them.
The players play a long round of ping pong as they continue to maintain a great rally.
The player on the right slices the ball across the ping pong table as he returns the ball to his opponent.
A teen boy is running on the beach.
Finally she puts gel in the dog's mouth and the dog is seen sitting on a bed waving to the camera.
A text intro leads into a person seen sitting on an exercise bike.
The person speaks to a class she is speaking while peddling her feet.
The woman continues moving her feet as well as others in the class.
The bikers are biking on the ramp, while on the starting line the group of bikers are  in positioned.
The spectators are on the side of the tracks.
A man is seen bending down before a heavy set of weights.
The man then bends down and lifts the weights over his head.
Several young men board a small powered boat on a very nice and sunny day.
The boat leaves the dock and they're off.
They pick up speed and a young woman is skiing on the water at a very brisk pace.
A young man is shown skiing on the water and is doing a great job.
Words are shown on the screen.
The boats pass with difficulty between the rocks.
Then, people enters in more troubled waters.
" A young man stands in the foreground speaking while a female cheerleader stands behind him performing routines.
kids are standing in the opening of a cartoon.
A person is making a bow out of ribbon.
A man and woman appear outdoors on a concrete brick deck and they begin dancing a routine in unison that include arm movements, steps, spins and various other dance moves.
She stops singing and they both laugh and walk away.
A man wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos.
She blends all the juices together into a grinder to make a mixture.
She then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks the juice.
She stands in front of several ingredients.
A group of people in swim caps are playing volleyball in an outdoor pool, surrounded by a spattering of onlookers,  and an upright digital scoreboard.
A person on the far left of the pool throws the ball into the right side of the pool where all of the players swim to follow it.
A young girl peels potatoes.
A person is seen riding around on the horse in a closed in area.
A child stands in the tire and jumps for joy.
An adult gets up and pulls both tires.
A man dressed in a camouflaged suit is standing in a large grassy field with other people and he's pulling on a string we can barely see.
A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water.
The woman continues washing the puppies.
The man wipe the edge of the table with white rag.
Followed by a lot of videos of many different people jumping and in groups together doing it in competitions and for fun or practice.
A band wearing Scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front University auditorium.
The lady stand up and looks at herself in the mirror.
The words "If you want to know anything else about piercing just comment or message me:) New beauty videos along with a makeup collection will be up soon Bveeees<3" appear on screen.
He mounts the beam, then does several acts around it, including spinning and flipping.
A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping.
The whole group goes down the snow.
A couple is seen performing a tango routine with one another in a small room.
The women pass condiments to each other.
He shows how to trim the hedges neatly, going down them a little at a time.
All three of the men are finished and there scores shown.
A woman is seen standing before pinata and swinging a bat.
The woman swings over and over and a man comes into frame to kick it.
The people  behind fence are watching the surfers as the run before the big wave hit them.
He swims back to the top and above water.
They begin playing a game of tug of war.
A dog is then shown hanging from a silver pole with two straps on him.
The man demonstrates how to do a dance move.
The man holds onto the rope while gliding through the water, looking very confident and skilled.
Two people are then seen moving around the tree decorating as well as turning the lights off.
They finish decorating the tree and playing with one another and laughing.
The man in blue helmet is paddling through the water current.
Two rafts are stuck in running water.
The people are then seen riding in tubes and going down a snowy trail.
The lady then begins moving in strange ways and continuing telling a story in ballerina form.
The kids slide down the slope together in their inner tubes.
An older black male is standing in the kitchen ironing a dark grey t-shirt.
A young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves the ball and runs towards the group.
This man is shown holding a pumpkin in the beginning of the video then he carves the top off and gets the seeds and everything else out of the pumpkin.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a fine linen company.
A woman explains that she will describe how to fold cloth napkins.
She starts by pressing the napkin with a hot iron.
A young boy in t-shirt and shorts maneuvers a lawn moves back and forth across a small patch of lawn as he mows the lawn.
The boy then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
A large open outdoor area is shown by a moving camera.
A second rider joins the first rider on the skateboard.
The helmeted man with the plank as a skateboard is shown again.
A man is running through a concrete sidewalk with steps in his Kangaroo shoes.
More people appear and they too begin to jump throughout crowds of people.
He uses the tool to properly align the nails before hammering it in.
He then demonstrates how the hammering process would look without using the alignment tool.
A skinny man,is talking on the phone bowling and knocks down all the bowling pins.
As a timer counts, a boy is trying to solve a rubik's cube.
The men crouch down one after the other and thrust there hips.
A man is dressed in bungee gear by another man.
man is in a kichen holding a pan on stove and preparing an omelette.
Many people watch on the sidelines and is followed by more shots of people shooting bows.
The person then begins paddling along the water while moving underneath bridges.
man is standing behind the wmoan cutting her hair with a scissor and the model is posing.
A woman in a belly dancing outfit is dancing moving her body very strategically.
More shots are shown of athletes throwing the javelin great distances while screaming each time after their throw.
He is getting a tattoo on his arm.
He gets his tattoo wraps with saran wrap.
Several shots of a casino is shown that includes close ups of poker tables and people sitting at a table playing.
Many shots are shown of the dealer dealing cards while turning them around and the audience reacting.
There is a montage of roads leading to a mountain and a chairlift.
The man used the stretcher to flatten the carpet on the floor.
We see a dog swimming in the river.
A man is skating on a hockey rink and goes to make a goal.
The team beings skating towards the people.
The man then moves the machine all along the grass to cut it down.
A man throws a bowling ball into various pins.
A man bounces it off a car and hits pins.
Another trampoline trick is shown.
A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins.
Two boys and two girls compete beer pong while other persons watch.
The man uses sharpening stones on the blade of the knife.
The man cuts through pieces of paper to show the knifes sharpness.
A boy runs around the bases on the field.
A boy kicks the ball and the other players run around the bases.
There is large indoor gym where a gymnastic event is being held.
There is a girl gymnast who is performing on the bars.
She gets off the bars and is congratulated by her coach.
The awards are then presented to the winners of the competition.
The score board shows the names of all the winners.
Several more wrestlers are thrown violently onto ring floors and flat surfaces and tables, with one dark and long haired man appearing several times throughout the clip screaming in an animated way.
She is spraying the dog with water.
A bottle is being held up to be shown.
A representative of the GCN Network is talking and demonstrating how to use tools to fix bike wheels.
A black lady walks past the camera.
A girl in her dance uniform is standing with her mom talking waiting for her turn to come up, when it's her turn she and her partner walk on stage.
A man is deep water scuba diving with some type of machine as if he is searching for something.
In the midst,he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
A phone number inviting people to call in and vote for them appears on the screen along with the network logo.
She continues the small lifts and adds a variance of big lifts.
She brings the bar back over her head and drops it down to the ground.
They dance gracefully, spinning and twirling.
A man wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop.
He shows his outline and a man begins tattooing his leg.
A young girl is seen sitting in front of the camera running a brush down her long hair.
She suddenly jumps and screams towards the camera while smiling and setting the brush down.
A city next a river is displayed on a screen.
A man wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror.
A biker seated on a bike revs the engine.
Another biker is shown seated on a bike, making a gesture with both arms.
He begins cutting the tomato laid out on the table in various sections.
There's man dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls.
Three women are talking in front of the tree.
Another two individuals walk by in the background.
The man walks away while looking into the audience followed by another man running into the pit.
A large marching band are seen standing in the middle of a big crowd.
The people continue to ride around the water while the camera pans all around their movements.
Shots of her and her friend are shown through a frame and leads into them looking at tattoos.
A man steps up on the rope and begins to walk across it.
The man jumps down off of the rope and starts at the beginning to walk across it.
The man jumps off again and gets back on the rope and jumps off.
The man tightens the rope.
It is raining outside while a man is on a lawn mower mowing his lawn.
The man rearranges himself on the mower.
We see a woman hitting a pinata.
The lady holds the pinata as she hits it.
The man spins the front wheel by hand.
The two young men begin to arm wrestle.
The man in the black shirt wins the arm wrestling match at which point the man in the white tank top backs away and stands in front of a refrigerator next to a girl drinking a canned beverage.
The group of people in witch costumes is shown once more.
Yet more small videos of people playing croquet are shown.
He adds ice to the glass and pours alcohol in.
A man trims the bush on the lawn with a electric cutter.
Then, the man put the rod in a hole and sparks come out, after the man end doing sparkles.
A woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums the floor.
She inserts a tool into the vacuum and vacuums along the baseboards.
She uses another tool of the vacuum to vacuum around windows.
A beautiful young woman holding a violin in hand begins to motion back and forth against the strings with the bow to play a song that she has practiced.
The nicely dressed woman in black with white sleeves continues playing and smiling intermittently while eloquently holding down different chords and notes in the corner of the room next to a piano dancing back and forth as she plays.
A man is standing and talking to the camera.
The man reaches the far side of the room and turns around to continue.
We see the person spins the cake with the cardboard above it.
A woman in a red suit is talking behind a desk.
People are running down the sidewalk.
A man in a blue shirt is talking to the camera.
We see a skateboarder walk with his board.
the man then skateboards down a busy street.
The boarder has his hand on the ground as he skates.
the man then uses a narrow and wide brush across his cheeks and then back to the regular brush for the same areas of his face.
A toy bear wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup.
She shows a bottle of magenta nail polish that she has already used on her nails.
She talks in the camera as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial.
She gets a little bit distracted and starts talking to someone else in the room.
He attempts to flip across the string again but fails and hurts himself.
Several more men are seen watching from the sides when one slides across again.
Two men stands on front a tall hedge holding trimmers.
Two people are standing face to face under a spotlight.
The man in the tank top returns to the dance floor and tries to punch the man in the suit, but the man in the suit dodges the punch and pushes the man in the tank top out of the dance floor.
A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen.
We see five still shots of Jesse jumping in the air.
We see the end credits on a black screen.
A woman is shown preparing to lift a barbell into the air.
The man picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device, all while talking.
A large water fall is shown.
baby is walking to the woman and climb to the slide.
They pour the mixture into a pan, put it in the oven, then shortly take it out some time after.
A car is seen sitting inside a car wash on a security camera with rags moving up and down the vehicle.
People are driving around playing bumper cars.
Two people are cooking in pans on the oven.
Two plates of food are on the counter.
Words come onto the screen.
Then he moves towards where his white van is parked.
They are talking about brushing teeth in underwear and how it is banned by Metacafe.
The woman in the bathroom is brushing her teeth and is attacked by a man with a knife.
Various text shown leads into several clips of people swinging around on uneven bars.
More and more gymnasts are shown jumping off of a beam and onto uneven bars.
Several woman are shown back to back performing these tricks.
Film strips appear to roll across the screen.
He uses it to clean the windows tha are highest.
A company log is on the screen.
A tube has water running through it and there are floats on the water.
The camera is scanning the boat.
A woman is on the board and holding on to a line attached to the boat.
A woman is taking a selfie while on the boat.
The woman is doing tricks with the board on the water.
The man is skiing down the mountain.
We see a person sitting in front of a shoe holding a can with brush.
A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen.
Two women are on a court with jump ropes.
She dries off the mask and continues speaking while smiling to the camera.
People are riding spin bikes in a gym.
The video continues counting down as more shots are shown of sumo wrestlers fighting one another and people watching on the side.
A person wearing a green hoodie and a hat is talking about the essentials required for snowboarding.
Then uses a scraper to scrape the wax off and clean the board.
He also uses a brush to brush off the wax and blows the wax shavings off of the board.
A man is talking to the camera.
The cabinets dry and the man wipes them.
We see a person applying a product over the paint.
We see the end credits on a black screen.
The company representative is putting together the bike parts piece by piece.
Then he goes ahead and attaches the rubber tires.
A man appears in a white t-shirt and black pants, barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves.
The racers are shown at the gate getting ready for the race.
Although he isn't able to get up,he holds on and starts bouncing up and down upside down.
We see a lady in a chefs coat in a kitchen talking.
The lady puts water on a black sharpener block.
The lady then sharpens the knife.
A young girl is seen brushing her hair as well as spraying product into her hair.
She takes her hair in parts and begins braiding her hair.
A campfire is surrounded by stones.
A person moves forward towards the fire.
A person goes windsurfing on a lime green board in a body of water.
A large man is doing behind the neck shoulder presses.
The girls speak to one another back stage with their coach and many people interact with them in the audience.
Several more clips are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
men are skating on sidewalks by the street with a lot of people around.
The girl controls the moves on the video using the machine while the camera zooms in and out of the area.
People run out onto a stage.
An audience is watching them perform.
The man continues doing Tai Chi on the sidewalk as several people walk by him.
A roll of shingles is shown lying on a roof.
Three men are applying plaster to the ceiling of an unfinished room while another man watches.
A woman is shown, playing with her hair.
She adjusts and brushes her hair, then shows off the final result.
The leaves are all falling on the road making the grass look so much better.
Several people are seen riding around on surf board with kites on the top.
A person is seen gearing up while speaking to the camera and leads into him doing push ups.
The man walks down a hallway with a women being introduced and leads into the two playing ping pong.
Outside in a bucket there is some wood and someone come out and starts to blow something on it.
He is blowing fire on to it with some kind of fire contraption that looks like a gardening tool.
It is catching nicely and the woods is burning quick.
He puts his hands under the sink with soap and washes his hand thoroughly.
We see nurses giving children shots.
We see a person in an MRI and we see a doctor looking at the results.
The scene transitions into a bunch of young people carrying pieces of wood to an open area outdoors.
They begin to attempt to chop the wood, but have trouble getting the axe out at first.
A group of men are playing volleyball on the beach, 3 on one side, and 2 on the other side.
One team attempts to serve and it crashes into the net.
Some other kids do more flips.
Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole.
Once he is done, a different man attempts to do it but he isn't successful either.
A person throws the ball at someones face.
People throw the balls so far that they go out of the pool.
He walks to the end of the shuffleboard and another man is on the other side.
Two boys are polishing shoes with brushes.
A little boy put his leg in a big shoe and polish with a brush.
Then, the other boy put his hand in the shoe to polish it.
man wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw.
woman is mixing ingredients ni a kitchen aid and making balls and putnig them in a pan and on the oven.
The person begins to solve it .
A small group of people are seen standing on each side of a rope wile putting their hands up.
The men then grab onto the rope and pull against one another.
They are shown playing on the beach, kicking the ball.
After finish, the man puts on his glasses.
The boy makes his way all the way across.
A man is seen sitting in a kayak while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle.
Four girls are shown looking into the camera.
A girl up front begins waving a bottle of mouthwash.
The girl then takes a cup of the mouthwash and drinks it.
Several people begin walking into a room wearing Kangaroo shoes and bouncing around.
A large group of people are seen moving around together in a large gymnasium.
She swings to the end, and lands in another man's arms.
A man is standing by a desk talking with some coaches about something.
He talks to the camera as he approaches.
Finally,a man is shown holding up a large silver award.
A man is shooting a basketball into a hoop.
The first man watches the second man.
A girl walks past the camera waving her hand.
Men swings on hand rings as part of his tumbling routine.
Another window displaying the performer is shown in the corner of the video.
An official removes a slip of paper from a rubiks cube sitting in front of a young man at the end of a table after which the competitor solves the cube and celebrates by banging his hands on the table.
people start going down the slope snowboarding in the mountain.
The man takes a break and then climbs a ladder and uses the tool with an extended arm to trim the top of the wall from the top of the ladder.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a volleyball and leads into shots of him hitting the ball.
He continues speaking to the camera while holding the ball and looking off into the distance.
Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium.
A man is shown mowing his lawn with a push mower.
He turns and goes back and forth, leaving marks on the lawn.
A man talks in the corner of the screen about the process.
A young man in blue shorts lifts a weight bar over his head in a crowded gym.
He then puts his fist up and begins shadow boxing as he moves around the room.
Finally,he comes back to the screen slightly out of breath to end the video.
The man continues to speak while using his hands and pans to the man swimming around the pool and back to talking.
A man services a tennis ball across the court.
We see the title screen on a red background.
The woman practices swinging the hoop between two legs.
A man plays up front of a band with a harmonica.
A man in tan khakis and a button down shirt sweeps a floor with a wide broom.
The man then finishes sweeping, lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window.
The woman finishes and stands up.
We see a green title screen.
A lady in a bathroom talks to the camera.
A window cleaning commercial demonstrates all the materials and techniques need to clean a house window.
Images of a person cleaning a window, soap, a bucket and sponge are showed along with a chalkboard with ingredients needed to clean a window.
The lady adds salt, and spaghetti to boiling water.
We then see the black credits rolling.
A man is talking as he stands in a kitchen.
The man cuts and cooks rubarb in sugar on the stove.
We see a shot of London and fade out.
The boy shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron.
An Aurora Borealis is seen over a northern landscape.
She throws an object off in the distance and is shown again in slow motion.
Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood.
Another angle is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls.
A woman cleans the carpet and the floor with a vacuum, after the vacuum picks up dirt from the carpet.
After, the woman cleans the frames of picture and pick up hair from a pillow.
Two men film themselves in an arm wrestling match that someone asked them to make.
The men get prepared at the corner of a table, grab hands and then countdown from three.
The two men arm wrestle as the make jokes and laugh while doing it.
A young girl is seen moving quickly around a horse brushing it's sides.
She brushes all over the horse while another horse walks in and out of frame.
She continues to brush the horse while the camera captures her movements.
the ball hits a woman for the red team and people run to her.
People are standing in a swimming pool.
A man is outside in the good with an ax attempting to cut down a tree.
Then there is another biker too, they're probably racing, They're going super fast down the track turning and hitting high bumps that make them go high up in the air.
A man holding a javelin runs down a track.
The man pumps his arms and we see happy people in the crowd.
A pink slide appears advising that the a person is not good at applying contact lenses.
A woman is seen bending forward while sitting on a bed and holding a brush in her hands.
The person is shown from different angles waterboarding and then falling hard into the water multiple times.
They take the gloves off and set them in the sink.
The man dances his feet around while seated.
The other man begins washing his hair.
He uses scissors to trim the hair and give it a finished look.
The model uses some hair gel to style his hair after the haircut.
The host of the show then explains how the hair was cut and styled and gives information about his website.
She begins to demonstrate how to prepare the trainer for use.
Struggling more,the bunny bends down and keeps eating something before looking out.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a set of tools and presenting them to the camera.
The players dribble through a set of cones and takes shots on the goal.
People are driving a car with rafts on the back.
We then see a man pushing a bike brake and adjusting it.
We then see the man talking to the camera.
We see tools and tips for croquet.
The two men argue about the game.
We see the men playing croquet.
A man is seen standing on a ladder and working on a roof while the camera captures his movements.
A man and a woman begin to walk across the court together and they stop to watch a man with a stick who hits something across the court using his stick.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a mixer.
Once they are both on,he scoots to the grass and someone assists him as he gets up.
They jump off onto a mat next to it.
The wheel is then taken off and the other group of people crowd around to find the problem.
A young man in a brown hoodie and cargo pants is standing on a road in a forested area, instructing viewers as he holds onto the end of a skateboard.
He flips around on the board, doing a tricky move, and then heads back to where he began to skate.
A girl does the splits in the air.
She does several flips on a trampoline.
The end screen is seen on a black background.
A woman washes a bowl in a kitchen sink with a sponge.
The woman smells the bowl to make sure it is clean.
An introduction appears on the screen for a video about galloping along the beach.
A woman demonstrates how to make a mixed drink in a bar at a bar countertop in front of a countertop filled with alcohol.
A woman in a white tank top is riding an exercise bike in a room.
She is doing push ups on a black mat.
She is back to riding the exercise bike.
She is riding on the exercise bike again.
A man is demonstrating how to cook a friend bologna sandwich in his kitchen.
He flips the bologna to fry it on both sides.
He takes the bologna out of the pan and places it on the toast along with the cheese slices.
He shows the finished sandwich with the bologna and cheese.
He performs this set several times and eventually pauses to let the instruction end.
A bald man in gray shirt is standing at the playground, he walked towards the monkey bars and started to pull himself up and down, he walked towards a lower pole and started to pull himself up while his legs are stretched down.
He walked back to the monkey bar and pull himself up and down, his legs are moves from side to side then pull him up and down.
She begins to play the saxophone.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A little boy is riding in a car drinking a drink and playing with his phone.
He begins to have a conversation with an older man who is recording him in the car.
One of the women exposes her bare chest to the camera, a black bar is overlaid.
The camera returns to action on the field.
Another man rides on screen momentarily.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of exercise equipment.
A set of black boots are shown on a small table along with a bottle oil and a rag in front of a woman.
Two wrestlers are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other.
One wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders, then a ref hits the side to tap out.
The boy speeds off onto a ramp and jumps off it, landing on the cement.
The young boy is seen in another outfit, performing spins at the end of his roller blading.
The boy does it again, this time weaving in and out of the cones.
Another man is holding up a shield to protect himself.
The man stands, now,  with a real dog and demonstrates how to put the harness on the real dog, then goes back to demonstrating with the stuffed dog before finally ending with petting the collared, real, tan, dog as a black Labrador Retriever wanders into the final shot.
In slow motion someone splashes into the water.
She finishes by sitting down on the floor and looking into the mirror.
She begins moving the instrument slowly while looking to the camera.
She continues playing the accordion while speaking and looking away.
A young teenaged boy is standing outside of the house with a tennis ball and racket.
A man is concentrating extremely hard as he is throwing darts on to a board at a tournament.
The boy applies the shaving cream to his face.
A man rubs his smooth face.
The man holds up a metal oil can.
Elmo pulls out a toothbrush and begins dancing while Bruno Mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror.
A small child is seen standing with her hands on her hips and between jumping down a hop scotch outline.
She jumps all the way down and speaks to the camera in the end.
Two teams on horses ride around on a field.
A team finally makes a goal.
A man points to some products for the usage of waxing skis.
A woman is puts a rod in a base.
She fixes the bow on the tree.
A white wall on the interior of a room is shown.
A hand holding a lit match lights a candle.
A man sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes.
One man throws the other down and leads into clips of the city.
An adult and child ride down as the person pulls the child out of the sled followed by more people riding down and walking up again.
He shoots the stick at the balls, making them go into the corner pockets.
He crosses the slack line onto the other side.
The camera pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt.
A man is talking in the camera, while another man with scarf is behind him, then they went in the building and sat on two couches, a woman came over to give them water.
A bald man went down on the stairs and went to the two men who were playing tennis on the wall.
She begins to put eye shadow on her eyelids and rubbing it in.
She adds eyelash extensions on her eyes.
After, the cheerleaders jump, flip and does cartwheels.
She continues to work out on the machine.
There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they ride a wave.
We see a man putting orange tiles on a floor.
A newsman in a suit is talking.
A few people are sitting down indian style with life vest on watching a man inside of a float boat talk.
The man continues riding around with the dog.
The referee is on his knee observing.
A man with a beard gives a wink and grins.
Each man continues to pull as they lean back in the mud.
The two men shake hands and hug and walk away.
The man in blue puts his arms around two men and walk away.
The skiiers stop at the bottom and talk.
A group of men are pulled on an inflatable hot dog which make a swift turn causing them to fall of.
The tree lights are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree.
The credits of the video are shown.
Some peeople go in groups, but generally they are slow and awkward.
A girl on a blue shirt is standing on a playground.
The man is seen riding around and looking at her surroundings while the man behind paddles.
The lady pours more water on the clothes.
We see the closing title screen.
A man is outside scraping the ice off of the windows of his car.
Once he is finished,he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car.
A person is seen making a drink close up followed by him speaking to others on a mountain.
More shots are shown of the man having a drink as well as speaking to others.
The lady and guy are performing on the same stage, together.
The lady and guy stop playing.
The woman from before who is dressed in an orange and red dress appears again and is still holding the white paper as she talks.
Many pictures are shown of a woman tying up a pair of skates.
We follow the woman as she skates alongside surfboards and other people.
A man and a woman dance in a restaurant full of people.
A fire appears on the floor.
A man puts two bread sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise.
She looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
people are having fun playing with paint ball guns in interesting ways,some are riding in cars and other are on the ground shooting paint balls at each other.
One guy seems to have a paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it.
There are a lot of different teams rowing very fast in a very large body of water that is outdoors, surrounded by a lot of trees and a lot of buildings.
When they are done racing they are now shown walking up to a man and a woman who are placing medals on ribbons around men and women that walk up to him.
Going left and right and starting to build up some more speed as they go.
One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing him to fall down also.
A girl in white top and blue jeans is brushing the fur of the horse on one side then she moved on the other side and then brushed his leg.
He places the iron down and looks around the room.
They walk to the bathroom and rub shaving cream all over their legs.
The yard is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.
The man runs water over the mop pad and then wrings it out.
She stands on the beam, then does several hand springs and flips.
A group is lazily floating on intertubes in a river.
The people are holding hands so they stay together.
A man get out a home while a dog follows him.
The women both put something from a cup in there mouths.
The woman in red begins to dance.
He is running down a track and throwing a javelin.
She lies down, doing sit ups as he continues to talk.
A person is holding a dog covered in suds and holding a bottle of shampoo in a yard.
The camera pans and we see another dog laying on the ground.
People that include both children and adults are gathered in a room and are watching a film being projected on a large wall.
Then, the toddler go down the chair, then she close and turn on the dishwasher.
A little boy is throwing darts at a board.
A girl is standing in a room taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them.
She then moves around the gym,takes a deep breath and continues going.
A girl walks onto a mat, bowing before the judges.
A woman is shown talking to the camera holding a vacuum and followed by her vacuuming up her floor at a fast pace.
They are dancing as a form of aerobics.
A person watches another person using a leaf blower in a yard from an elevated window.
There is a woman sitting in the living room with a little girl.
A large arena is seen with a person running by and pointing to the camera.
The man then runs down the field and long jumps into a sand pit and his jump is shown again.
He then glides the knife along the boxes and shows off the sharpened knife to the camera.
He ends by holding the knife and smiling to the camera.
She continues going back and fourth while the camera captures her yelling at the camera.
A person slices and ground garlic and chop parsley.
The person cooks and drain the pasta, then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth, the cooked garlic, parsley, salt, pepper and cheese on top.
Next, the person make fried chicken, then serves the pasta with the chicken.
A woman blends the holds up a greased pan then adds a yellow butter to a bowl.
Flour is added to the bowl and everything is blended together.
The woman adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula.
A referee skates over to the people.
Two boys are out in the yard playing ball.
Another boy comes in with a wig and the boys start wrestling each other.
The woman uses a peeling tool to skin a sweet potato over the cutting board.
We see a man and a a woman dancing together.
The screen turns a green shade.
The person returns and moves to the left.
The color becomes normal again.
A person in a yellow shirt stands outside watching.
A woman opens the door and walks out.
people is playing black jack around a table.
dealer is dealnig the cards and the tokens to the women.
A person is seen raking a yard and pauses to put his hand in his pocket.
The man rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again.
We see the underwater sea floor.
The camera is spinning wildly.
Bubbles rise out of a tube.
A man hands another person the mouthpiece.
Two people are seen walking around a yard in front of a board.
He hugs a person that walks up next to him.
Two men are outdoors on a sidewalk, playing drums with their bare hands.
woman is in an hospital talking to a man.
man and woman looked the man that have bandage in his head.
The men switch again and the first man is on the slackline.
The second man bounces and flips off.
A women sets up her keys, writes on a board, and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs.
A girl wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera.
The woman standing holds up a brush and begins brushing the woman's hair.
People dressed with military clothes, then they are doing other activities.
The man on the inside lane of the track starts running very fast and then jumps into a sand pit.
the other man runs past the sand pit.
She uses a blue dish scrub and plenty of dish soap and washes the glass and spoons while keeping the tap running.
A man gives tips on outdoor physical training.
The large group of kids continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
He finishes playing and pictures are shown on the screen.
A large group of people are seen standing around a large gymnasium playing a game of dodge ball with one another.
A woman brushes and dries her hair.
A man is outside with two dogs on leashes.
He throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
A man stands over a roof of a house and puts a took on the roof.
A man in a movie mask is seated by a flight of stairs.
A woman demonstrates, on a toy baby,  how to swaddle a baby and wash a babys face using cotton balls and wet towels.
A little boy is bending over dipping a paint brush into a blue bucket.
He paints the fence in front of him.
A woman in a grey sweater talks to the camera on the sidewalk.
A man in a black shirt is sitting down and talking.
It goes back to the man in the black shirt talking.
A woman in a brown hat is talking.
A woman in a pink shirt is talking.
A woman is standing behind a table.
They continue removing the shingles while standing on top of the roof.
At the counter the man is sitting behind the counter.
When he enters the room,another man appears with a racket in his hand and they begin hitting the ball up against the wall.
people is sitting on a studio talking to each other.
page of a cheerleaders is shown in the screen and the video of the girl in the beach doing tricks.
man is in a living room with a little girl and is doing tricks with her and on the beach, then a video of the man and the girl talking to a camera is shown while people in the stuio keep talking and showing their videos.
The woman smokes and the black smoke disappears.
The camera pans around to more people with drinks in their hands.
A ma looks down at his lap with the drink still in front of him.
Next,several still images of other teams walking and preparing to start are shown of them playing games in various locations.
A group of men run around a calf while others hold him down.
The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull.
A woman uses a cup to pour water on the dog to remove the soap.
A man with short black hair is then shown and his teammates begin congratulating him and more teams are shown playing the game.
anoher man siting in front talk to the man in the desk.
A lady vacuums her house then empties the vacuum.
Three Dyson fans swivel toward the camera.
The boys yell to one another with their hands up and continue walking around the gym.
The man is shown in several clips running down and scoring a basket.
A boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts the camera.
The two boys then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times.
A man wearing protective clothing and a metal welding hat stands in front of a piece of metal missing a long strip on the face of it.
When the welding stop the finished product reveals a strip has been welded onto the formerly bare spot and the welder tests it with a hard instrument.
A woman rides a bike outside.
A person jumps and land on the sand.
A man runs fast and jumps high to land on the sand, then stand and goes skiping to his sit, while people walk in the stadium.
The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups.
A man is sitting on a rock by a fast flowing river.
Another man sails past him in a raft trying to keep up with the strong current and waves.
Another man walks over with a cart and begins digging through trash.
The man smoking cigarettes begins talking to the homeless man about how life sucks and how he can relate to the homeless man.
A person is seen climbing into the back of a kayak with another man and paddling alone the water.
A parking lot is shown, and a man on roller blades takes off down the hill.
A girl demonstrates several gymnastic and tumbler moves in a living room and  on a green lawn with a line of residential houses as a backdrop.
The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net.
An older woman in gray shirt serve the ball and the girl in red hit it.
A man is skateboarding, he jumps up on higher levels.
He kicks to build up some speed and does some cool tricks .
The man then begins to hit a ball.
The person then takes the flattened dough and puts it in a presser, dusts it with flour, and puts it into a container and then a spaghetti press which produces many strands of spaghetti.
She does it once more.
She does it again, jump roping over and over again.
A woman dressed in a pink tank top and gray tights is demonstrating spinning in a fitness gym.
She shows the various exercises using the bicycle.
Both men back out of the ring and a new man enters.
A man explains and shows how to do snow surfboard hillside turn.
Then, the man performs toeside using a snow skateboard.
She is using a small vacuum cleaner.
She demonstrates how to use the vacuum as she talks.
A man is seen standing before a fire holding up an ax and begins cutting a piece of wood.
A person in white runs towards first base playing kickball.
An athletic man is seen holding a discuss and begins spinning himself around in slow motion.
A crowd looks on from the stands.
Girls run onto the field and shake hands with the other team.
We see girls playing volleyball indoors.
The girls on the left make a shot and the team hugs.
Her mom takes the ice cream away from her and she starts to cry .
We see the black closing screen.
A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar.
A group of people transport a boat on their heads.
A man is talking in front of two large windows.
Two men are sitting on a train talking.
A man in a black coat is walking down the street.
A man in an orange vest puts him into the boat.
He is talking to the camera about how to use the kayak.
a group is playing soccer on a field.
Then, a young men talks, and from time ti time shows the sunset.
After holding that on place for a few minutes she puts her arm down and then faces forward.
He takes turns quickly, mowing the lawn.
The girl jumps in the air two times.
The young man does tricks over an orange safety cone.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing on a beach next to a shovel.
The man then begins shoveling a pile of dirt and walking to the water to fill up buckets.
He walks away in the end and shows off the castle he's made.
A young child is pushed on a swing set of an outdoor playground at a park.
He lowers it from his mouth when he is done.
A man in a black shirt is talking.
A girl is kneeling on a pad, arms in the air.
She repeats the action one more time.
Two men are seen running around a circle surrounded by people and performing martial arts moves.
More people come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
A woman is painting a picture on a canvas.
She paints two flowers onto the canvas.
She prepares the equipment and helps the man perform the exercise.
people standing on side of the road on skateboards and with parked cars in a side.
boys are doing tricks riding skateboards in the wet asphalt going down a hill.
boys are gathered under a tent in the sidewalk and doing tricks in skateboard showing the wey asphalt and the wet grass.
people are in a kayak on lakeside.
people are on rapids kayaking.
The video shows several different perks the machine can do while the woman continues to work.
We see a lady walking down stairs.
The man throws his coat across the room.
He continues speaking to the camera while sharpening the blade and pointing to the object.
Then, the toddler try to catch another ball, but it rolls under a chair.
The lady moves on to her third potatoes.
We then see a lake with ducks and rocks.
A close up of a person's feet are seen riding along the river in a tube.
A man is seen standing behind a small child who is blindfolded.
cubicles is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind.
people is walking in snowy mountain and snowboarding.
a man is celebrating with his arms in the air.
Next many different people go up on stage to dance.
Several clips of shown of a person riding down city streets on roller blades.
The person continues riding along the streets and then text appears across the screen.
A page with a video structured to look similar to Youtube is shown.
woman is standing next to a horse holding a brush combing the horse's hair.
woman walks to the track.
She continuously hula hoops while moving her legs all around and doing various jumps and tricks.
A man named Andrei approaches the stage.
He powders his hands in preperation.
He prepares his body for lifting the heavy weight.
The other competitor rejoices at their win.
Two men are performaing capoeria in the middle of a circle of people.
Perusers of art walk through the gallery, looking at the painting.
The man is talking to the camera showing a hunting bow.
Another man is shown outdoors using the hunting bow to shoot a target.
The woman with sunglasses, blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it.
The guy adds pasta to the pan.
Another man walks into frame hitting the ball and the other people behind him continue playing.
A man sprays down a roof and shows the product used several times and the top of the roof.
A person puts a garment in a pail, then he adds detergent and water.
A large river is seen followed by a person riding down in a tube.
Another person is also seen riding in a tube.
The man then demonstrates how to properly play the instrument while moving his hands up and down.
The cameraman zooms in on the mans hands as he's playing and zooms back out.
Two men walked over the football table, one man counted the dice on the side.
The camera men are taking pictures behind them.
The players and audience cheer one of the players.
A man is using a pair of hedge trimmers on trees.
He is talking to the camera as he goes.
A person gather mops and cleaning materials on a hard floor.
Then, the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water, then wet a cloth and attaches to a handle to mop the floor.
Next , the person destroys the drums.
The child walks over to her family in the yard.
Several people are on horses at a rodeo.
When the athlete is done with his number he jumped from the pole and landed on his feet on the mat.
They each beat their drums.
He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder.
A billboard is shown on a wall.
A baby boy is seated at a restaurant table.
The young woman is providing tips to other girls on how to curl their hair.
At the end of the video, the girl asks to like the video.
He continues cutting his hair while speaking to the camera and laughing.
A woman is holding a camera taking pictures of them fighting.
The videos transitions into a countdown of various people getting hurt on the streets from bull attacks.
There are pictures of male participants shown dominating the scene where she was the only female participant.
A group of students stretch out in gym class.
We see a man operating 2 manual vacuum cleaners.
We see some old style vacuums.
We see a black and white TV clip.
We see the man vacuum and still from the museum.
We see the man talking and see him near a vacuum.
A plate of cut pineapple is on a plate on the table, as the man get some grapes and put it on the chopping board and cut them into half, then placed them on top of the pineapple cuts, then he wiped his hands and showed the plate to the camera.
A child watches at a window while a man outdoors is shoveling snow.
The lady looks in her phone and smiles at the camera.
We pan down and see the tattoo artist work.
She raises her arm and he twists her around.
they get back to playing and hitting it barely missing a beat.
A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets.
An instant replay is played and the front of the man's face is visible.
We see the stone on another graph.
We see a man push the stone and people sweep in front of it.
A close up of a person's feet are shown sitting in a chair.
The person then bends forward and begins putting shoes on.
He kicks a ball into the air.
We wee the person slide all their blue then the red discs down the table.
Once done,he picks up the skateboard and holds it back down to his side.
A woman knits and shows her work.
A reporter talks in the room where the women knits.
A man with a thick mustache is dressed in winter clothing is sitting on a white bucket turned upside down on a frozen body of water as he drinks a beer from a blue can and talking.
The man then picks up his fishing pole and pulls on the fishing wire that's in the fishing hole in front of him,holds the wire up, then puts it back in the hole while he's still talking.
The man then gets off of his bucket and while on his two knees he puts his fingers in and out of the fishing hole and keeps talking.
In fast motion, there are people in a residential home and they are winding strings of white Christmas tree lights around a very full and grown tree.
He indicated a blue block on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it.
A man is talking behind a bar, standing in front of numerous alcohol bottles.
He pours liquids over a glass filled with ice.
Karate students jump over the top of a rope held by other students on a mat.
He attempts the jump several more times while people watch him on the sides.
A woman is seen walking into frame and speaking to the camera.
She sits down on boxes while holding others up and begins laying tiles down on the floor.
She picks others up while speaking to the camera followed by vacuuming the floor and a child playing along.
Then they are are playing professional on an indoor court while an audience watches.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and looking off into the distance.
Many people are interviewed for the camera and show people waving and getting ready on the sides.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair knitting thread while the camera watches her.
A hummer backs a boat down a ramp.
A young child is seen climbing up a playground and then going down a slide.
A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow.
Then, other man skies on the hill and flat areas covered with snow.
Also, skiers makes a flip  from in the air while other people watch.
He gets on his feet and skis.
The father is holding the kite in his hand as the wind blows strongly.
A man is seen bent over washing his hands when another man walks out and speaks to him.
People are playing beer pong at a party.
A glass of beer is shown.
A man is seen throwing a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking.
The man throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
More people are shown throwing dart while the two continue to speak and the man points to the board.
The camera pans around several groups of people are seen performing martial arts around one another as well as people walking around and watching.
Many shots are shown of people dancing and singing as well as performing martial arts in the streets and helping one another.
People are seen playing instruments, reading the the news, and performing martial arts all around the street.
A person plays tam-tam inside a room, the man mainly plays on the tam- tam on front hum.
The person extend her arm over the tam-tam.
Then he gets on another horse and he lassos a bull bigger than the last one to the ground.
She walks over to the camera talking and laughing before leaving the room with her brother.
A man puts a pile of marshmallows in his mouth.
We see the ending title screen.
woman enters in the bathroom carying a white cat and the man kneels so the cat can stands on his back.
woman start dancing salsa steps on a wooden court.
An intro shows off a hedge trimmer.
A Shih Tzu dog is standing on a table being groomed by an elderly Asian woman.
The next step consist of her trimming the hair under the dog's mouth.
The man lifts his legs up in front of him then kicks out.
The man stops and stands still.
A woman is seen pulling a piece of exercise equipment while struggling to get it to move.
A young man at an outdoor festival is doing tightrope tricks in front of a crowd.
The gets off the rope and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group.
man throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same.
the coach os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
the kid make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same.
The sun rises over the hills.
The man climbs the board and surfs.
They are patiently sitting with their fishing rods till they fish out mid size fish from the holes.
One of the men cleans the fish scales.
They sharpen the knife to slice the fish to prepare batter covered fried fish.
She demonstrates the technique with his racquet.
She stands at the barre and then on her own to demonstrate how to properly perform ballet moves.
The man of the red team wins all four times.
The man eats from food dishes using his hands.
The parent adjusts the cone for the child.
An employee of the beach patrol is talking about how to have a safe day at the beach.
He then talks about different types of specialty sunscreen to ensure you are safely covered.
Children sunscreen safety is then talked about and how to properly protect your kids.
Many men speak to the camera as well as people announcing the scores and more window washing taking place.
and with a little sponge and a little pin paint the nail with white blue and purple paint.
with a small bush put som wwhite dots and clean the nail.
She holds up a phone and speaks into the mirror.
He puts down the piece of paper and takes the iron tool straight to the piece of wood.
With a tack rug, he removes the dust.
Finally, he polishes the table and shows off his end result.
Ingredients are placed in a bowl.
The man is shown eating a piece of the pancake.
A man mows the grass around a tree.
The man gets stuck and the mower turns off, and the man has to pull the igniter.
Then, the man continues cutting the grass around the tree.
man is standing in front of a gray car in a workshop changing a car wheel and talking to te camera.
As the next scene comes,the lady is pictured with eight foiled curls in her head that are sealed with long hair pins.
A woman brushes her hair with her hand.
The combing is shown in slow motion.
men wearing black uniforms are standing behind the cheer team.
The man enters the gym room.
The lady stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow.
She begins dancing in the kitchen.
She starts mopping the floor while she's dancing.
The woman continues raking while speaking to the camera back and fourth.
She shows her piles as well as the clean lawn while still speaking to the camera.
She takes a couple sips from a cup while still speaking to the camera.
She does this one more time before turning the camera off.
We see a short flashback as we then see him in the boat in then in the water being assisted with his skis.
The camera pans around the group as they keep playing.
A camera pans around the outside of a building and surrounding areas and leads into several shots of people riding bikes on a track.
Many people watch the race on the sidelines as the people continue going around the track and others record their time.
Many people sit around speaking with one man speaking to a large group.
A pair of men playing bagpipes enter the room before the bride makes her entrance with her father.
Everyone stands to watch the procession.
A young man is water skiing and falls.
Watching video of the lake and driving.
The woman attempts to rake leaves, but then she falls and gets back up holding the rake and a man takes it from her.
Two men laugh watching the man.
Someone pushes another person laying on a skateboard down a bowling lane.
Two people are seen doing various martial arts moves to one another while a crowd of people cheer and applaud.
A guy sits, gestures, and discusses.
The credits of the clip are shown.
instructions of how to play chords on the violin are shown.
The woman unrolls the curls from her hair.
He is doing hand stands on a couple of bars on the ground.
Other people walk in and out of frame from the boy while he continuously plays the game on the drum.
A large group of people are walking towards the camera and they look like they're in a small village.
The camel passes the camera person and we get a view of the camel walking away and a view of a different side of the area that looks like a village.
More shots are shown of the men hopping around on snowboards in various locations as well as speaking to the camera and showing pictures of the people as well as footage of them riding around.
After several starts and finishes,the games keeps going and the goalie is successful in blocking the puck each and every time.
The baby is twirled again.
A bunch of people are meeting in a raft shop.
They all meet in a room to put on helmets and get together their equipment.
They all go for a long walk together, including down a large flight of stairs.
The people are white water rafting down a turbulent river, using their paddles in unison, going down small waterfalls together.
A teen performs pommel horse spinning around, then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container.
Next, the teen stands on his hands and jumps to the mat.
A man sits down on an exercise machine.
They get stuck on the rocks, then push off and continue floating.
Then he walks on a tight rope and tries to balance himself.
There are some other men doing the same thing out in the wilderness, trying to balance themselves and walk on tight ropes.
An elderly couple are dancing alone on a gymnasium floor while a line of people at a table watch.
Replays of him jumping on the rake.
A different person loses and jumps on the rake.
They show replays again of him jumping on it.
One loses and jumps on the rake again.
They show replays of him jumping on the rake.
The other guy then jumps on the rake.
They once again show replays.
A person is down below and is swinging a fabric and hitting it onto something.
A person is throwing a disk down a strip of land.
A boy pushes a ball with a stick.
A person is then seen peeling off a roof using the roof and speaking out loud.
The man continues to take apart the roof.
A group of people are playing in white water kayaks.
A person in green attempts the same thing.
Several spectators watch as a man does track and field.
The men continue hitting the ball back and fourth while various people watch him on the side.
The woman rubs the contact lens with the fluid.
The woman removes the lens from her eye again.
One of the men throws a beer pong ball across the table, into a cup.
The other man with him throws a ball across the table, too.
The truck is seen again in several locations backing up and pushing leaves back away from the truck.
The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone.
They replay the video of him missing the ball.
They restart another tennis match.
The man continues speaking while rubbing down the ski with lotion and ending by presenting it to the screen.
Two buses are parked in a parking lot.
People are walking in front of it in the snow.
A woman stands in snow with the words "Fat Girl Snowboarding" overlaid.
a bull is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter.
A young boy is seen pouring soap into his hands and scrubbing his hands above a sink.
We see a man throwing shingles into a trailer on the ground.
We see the rolls of roofing materials.
A setting of glasses with lemon water are set on a place mat with a whole lemon.
They tube down the snowy hills.
A construction worker uses a handheld scraper to apply plaster to the bare floor.
A worker places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves.
After one of the team scores a point, the fellow teammates cheer for them.
Several contestants are on a stage standing behind a podium made to look like a Rubik cube.
A minute and fifteen seconds has passed and the boy puts the cube down and the timer stops.
The boy comes up from the surface and another boy is seen walking to the end of the board.
The woman is now standing up and with just her legs visible and wearing shorts, she's holding a razor up and showing it in different angles, and close ups, the text on the screen reads "Good Quality Razor".
The building is being shown then the clock tower.
A group of several teen boys are playing a game of tug of war.
He stops and talks to the camera.
The women continue dancing with one another and end by walking around.
person is walking inside a house to an open field holding a baseball bat.
A young man is seen standing in the middle of a room and holding a tennis racket up in the air.
Hundreds of kites are shown in the air for a festival and a man interviews his experience with the kites.
Several people stop and look around and the city pans over the night.
He uses a sponge to clean around the car while others clean around the sides.
peolpe are siting in chairs around the court watching the girls.
"Fitness for Life 365" appears on the screen.
The man continues playing the instrument in the room and ends by moving his hands down.
Once he is done talking,the man begins to play and hits the congas back and forth.
Coffee is spilled on the carpet.
A boy is standing behind a music stand playing a flute.
The man inserts the contact and moves his eye around.
The man shows his other contact.
A man shovels snow in the winter.
Two men are on top a ladder in a wrestling ring, a man is bend on the ladder.
A lacrosse team goes to play a game.
other highlights are shown.
The man points at the blue ball the kneels in the grass.
A man claps his hands and signs a paper.
One person scores and claps.
a journalist is interviewing a basketball player in a court.
A young adult male punches and kicks a suspended punching bag.
The young male then starts to move around the punching bag while still punching and kicking it.
He wraps a box with tin foil then writes on the box with a marker.
The young man wins and raise his hands, while his opponent hug him.
A large wave breaks in the ocean as surfers and surfers paddle over it.
surfers ride waves in the ocean.
A large wave breaks on shore and spectators run.
For the fifth group, an aerial view is provided and the others way for them to come.
A woman wearing a leopard print jacket is sitting with a man in a hookah bar.
Then, the woman continues riding the bike and then lift weigh.
They are both trying to get the ball in their own net basically playfully fighting over whose going to get it.
The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it.
They begin playing, shooting the puck back and forth, trying to get it to go into the enemy's goal.
A person is seen standing before a sink wearing gloves.
She then turns back to the sink full of dirty dishes.
Then, the person puts a nail on a round support on the box, then paint her nails.
Instructions on needed materials to play darts are displayed.
The man and the woman walk to the dart board.
The woman throws three more darts.
The man shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step.
The woman throws some darts.
The man returns to do the same.
The man goes after her again.
People are seen walking around an area with dogs stomping their feet as well as another man speaking to the camera.
More shots are shown of the people playing the game on a horse as well as others speaking to the camera and getting a trophy.
A man stands in front of a podium talking.
One of the two men digs in a fire pit where there was a fire and then pours water on it.
Outside, a male back flips on a trampoline and lands on his face.
Two men lay the male down and look at his face, and another person moves a laying individual to look at the male's face.
A man attempts to lift a barbell.
The man then picks up the polished shoe and unpolished shoe and puts them closer to the camera for a comparison then the same textured screen from the intro appears with the shoe log and the company name of "VICKERMANN und STOYA".
The three kids are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean.
The lady points the tool at the camera and laugh.
The lady continues to blow the leaves.
She thinks about a couple while she is playing.
A woman is scared of going in the water and says she cant do this.
The crowd seems to approve when he flips and catches himself before then dismounting.
A camera pans all around a wooded area and leads into two people riding around on skis.
A boy is riding a long board down various road ways.
He does a flip trick riding down one of the road ways.
Then, the woman stops and shows her hairstyle while talking.
After, the woman shows the direction to comb hair, then uses a hair iron to straight the hair.
A man does wave wheels in a canoe.
People stand around to watch them work and the camera pans around the kids playing in the sand.
They show a product used to clean the fence.
He drops it and gets some paint.
A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket.
The cars turn around and get out of the traffic jam.
A man is seen scraping off a car that is covered with snow and speaking to the camera.
Several adults and teenagers are standing and sitting around the high jump mat while a boy in black does the high jump.
The same boy in black does a high jump while a taller boy in white walks past.
People are sitting down watching them.
A lady speaks in front of a plaza.
the lady hula hoops in short shorts and a tight shirt in a plaza and we see a timer in the upper right corner periodically.
The timer reads The lady hula hoops for 2 minutes and seventeen seconds.
They finish wrapping the book and put the envelope on the front of the package.
A woman is seen speaking and laughing to the camera and leads into her holding up a magazine and presenting pages to the camera.
The suma wrestlers begin fighting, with one of them immediately throwing the other to the ground.
First measure the paper correctly by measuring at the sides then fold paper in the middle holding the paper the same way on the other side then close paper in the middle of the joint to make a crease then repeat until crease is all around then put tape on top then tie on the ribbon.
A white fence is shown outside a house.
He scrapes the paint off the fence, then repaints it with fresh paint.
The person is skiing down the high snow covered mountains.
The skiers ski down the slope, ride their motorcycles, went fishing , and ski.
He uses a brush to brush his very long hair.
He brushes it from several different angles.
The man in the blue hoodie pours the mouthwash in two glasses.
The two men show off signs that insult each other and try to make each other laugh.
The man in the blue hoodie laughs first.
The men both spit the mouthwash in the sink.
The man lifts the woman all around while they continue dancing and end by holing a pose.
The girl and boy take turns blowing smoke rings.
A man is throwing darts at a dart board.
The man rubs plaster using a tool and stands up to grab paper.
He rubs the paper along the wall and ends by looking up to the camera.
The outro is a white screen with multiple colors on it that include logos, website and the name of the event.
A woman is smiling sitting in a tattoo sitting on the chair waiting patiently, smiling and being over friendly.
A montage of canoe sprinting is shown.
The jump is shown again in slow motion for better understanding.
After, the male kick the face of the man with his feet and does a spin with a hand on the floor while the man lands on a foamy mat.
A person is spreading something green on bread.
People run to pick up balls from the center of the court.
They hit the puck, pushing it forward.
A person vacuum the inside of a car, while other men clean by hand the car with detergent and water.
Then, a man dry the car with clothes.
She then slides across the ice.
A woman is seen wiping down a mirror that leads into her standing behind a counter.
She pours ingredients into a buckets, soaks the sponge in the bucket, then wipes down a mirror with a wiper.
A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera.
A person does a tutorial on how to use an elliptical most efficiently.
The person continues riding all along the water while the camera follows him from a bird's eye view.
A video recap of a beach soccer game begins with an Argentinian goal off a deep pass.
He picks up a brush and begins using that to brush the shoe.
A man acts weird and sprays himself.
He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard.
Finally,the man comes back and shows how his the object works to cut the grass.
The woman begins pouring different alcohols and lemon juice into a glass of ice.
The woman puts a small straw into the drink and holds it up and smiles.
A curler prepares to make a curling shot while being watch be other people in the arena.
She makes the shot and lets go of the puck as the other team members chase it and sweep the ice.
A third shot is then made and the curlers allow the shot to knock out another puck.
A man wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see.
He continues strumming his fingers and moving his hands around the instrument until the song ends as well as the video.
Another little boy is painting the other end of the fence, and the camera goes up to him.
He catches it on a line, and pulls until He is able to get it through the hole.
We see the intro and intro scenes.
We then see his shoveling supplies.
The man stretches and puts on his winter clothes.
He sprays his shovel with nonstick spray and shovels his driveway.
The man lays down and had a hard time breathing.
After putting down sand he drinks a warm beverage.
We see the ending credits screen.
A shot of a christmas tree is shown followed by a man walking into frame.
The man then begins decorating the tree as well as others.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bag of cookies as well as a plate.
Once the gate opens a little cow comes running out and the horse chases after.
A woman with a nose ring is seen speaking to the camera and leads into someone cutting her hair.
More shots of a person cutting is shown while the woman speaks to the camera.
They begin to head down the slope until they reach the end and are able to stop themselves.
After that, they get out of their tubes and begin to exit.
The woman then cuts the cats claws while the cat still moves around and she holds up the cat.
A group of men are wrapping boxes on a table.
Several people are walking around the area.
The man wrapping finishes his box.
He holds up the sign more while continuing to play and speak to the camera.
The man lifts up the carpet, then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men.
The man throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back.
In the end more people are seen enjoying the casino and moving around.
After, the gymnast jumps happily.
The man then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it.
She is showing off an array of sandwich toppings.
Two people are seen performing a fencing match back and fourth while other people practice in the background.
A pile of clothing is shown on a bench in a house.
The sweater is shown from several angles as a vacuum is used to pick up hair and lint.
Several people are then seen shooting bow and arrows at a target and waving their hands in the air.
A guy moves away from the descending item.
The website address of the group is shown.
A woman talks to the camera while a man stands beside her.
The man turns and walks away while the woman demonstrates the female perspective of the dance sequence by herself.
A male mows a lawn using a red riding mower.
A man whips grass of his foot.
A man in a black shirt watches.
A man is playing a flute in front of a microphone.
A few other men are shown playing guitars as they sit.
One man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar.
A yellow and brown animal is attached to the wall swaying from left to right.
A man in a black shirt is standing in a salon.
He starts shaving a man's beard that is laying down.
He towels off the man's face.
then the girl begins to hop and jump across the squares.
They put lights on the tree and light them up.
There are two boys playing squash in an indoor squash court.
A man is seen standing at the bottom of a hole while a man records him.
One man pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera.
The shadows of a biker cast on the bumpy road.
The dog is placed in the kennel next to a woman's feet.
A dog plays behind and with the groomed dog.
The woman walks to the entrance of the bathroom, removes the wet floor sign, puts it in her cart, starts pushing the cart, and the focus goes back to the clean bathroom she just cleaned.
A man is acting as a dj with headphones on.
He skis as people gather and leave on a pier.
Several people join in on a curling event, holding signs and smiling.
People are sitting in row boats in the water.
We see two opening title screens.
The man plays the drums on the left side primarily.
The man pauses while playing.
He shows off the renovator can.
a man and a woman are being interviewed.
A storm hits and a man is crying.
Two boys on a canoe back paddle to get away from the reeds on the edge on the lake.
We see men climbing indoors on a climbing wall, and outdoors in the woods.
A man waves from the top.
Kurt Roberts, in a yellow top, throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw.
Reese adjusts his shirt and waits for his score.
Davis Storl sits and is featured on the screen.
He is shown standing with his team and an instant replay of the throw is shown.
The score is shown on the screen.
Fans are shown doing the wave.
He jumps into the air as a stunt, then loses his balance and falls into the water.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while showing a plate of food and pouring out ingredients onto a plate.
A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car.
The lady in the red jacket opens the trunk of the car and removes a snow brush and brushes the snow off of the car body, windshields, head lights, front grill and license tag.
A man is on the floor with some gadget looking at it and messing around with it.
He moves it down more and pushing the carpet down, he does this to basically the entire room.
A couple appears on the screen, talking about dancing the tango.
A close up of theman and the final cut and a close up of the hair stylist.
She first scrubs the dirt from the chair with a sponge.
She then dips her brush in a blue paint to cover the chair's seat, back, and then arms/legs.
man is standing in front of slot machine talking to the camera.
He then puts cream on his face and shaves all around his face.
A man speaks to camera in front of bicycles.
The man tightens the part on the bicycle.
Two teams plays throwing balls to hit an opponent.
After, the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt.
A man gives to the man a big gold coin, after the man fights with people.
Young man runs and hugs what looks to be his coach.
Another set of replays occur.
Words go across the screen directing people to social media and websites.
The man blows smoke rings as well as several other drinks while speaking to the camera and moving to various spots in the house.
A person goes stand near the fence.
A graphic is seen with logo title.
The two teams walk in a line together entering the course to play.
The men fill their gun hoppers with ammo.
He hits the drums back and forth as they talk.
a hand is shown on a table with different supplies.
A man is seen taking all the parts of a bicycle out of a box.
A man shows how to mulch around the bottom of the tree.
A girl plays with her braided pony tail.
The girl pulls the braids up her hair to make them more fluffy.
A bend bends down around a floor and pushes the material around the room.
In the end the camera pans around the finished floor.
A woman take cares of a poodle, while other woman pets a big dog.
A woman talks on front a dog while petting.
A man is seen kneeling on the floor while holding an iron in his hands.
A man in a white shirt and hat is sitting down.
He stops playing them and sits up straight.
A boy serves a tennis ball.
After, the teen and the young man are indoors.
The scene says River Scum with a black background.
A girl is jumping rope as people are watching.
A man is holding an ax in the forest.
The man in the background picks up snow.
The lady falls of the slack line.
The lady spins while bouncing.
The lady jumps off then is back on.
The man starts playing saxophone along with him.
More shots are shown of people jumping around on the stilts and others still needing help from others.
A  man chops a large notch into a lox with an ax.
A camera pans around glasses of lemonade followed by a person squeezing juice out of lemons.
The person mixes various ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a glass.
A black screen with three rows of Arabic writing is shown.
A man rides a jetski in front of a large wave of dirty water.
We see the boat in the water swaying again.
The man mows the shaded green grass.
The man mows the sun lit grass.
The man ties a bow around the box as the camera slows down the motion.
She continues to throw darts at the dart board.
She pulls the darts out of the dart board.
A man cuts the center of a log with an ax while standing on the log.
We notice a man in a kayak and a yellow helmet coming in from the left.
The manicurist starts to put little fun decorations to make the nail look pretty.
A large crowd of girls walk into frame holding bars then put the bars down on the ground.
The individual sets aside the shoe and turns over the other shoe.
A woman untie a pair of shoes until half and raise the tongues.
Then, the person put the other feet and tie the shoe, then she puts the tongues up.
The two bow to one another and the woman stands next to the host shaking his hands.
A man is then seen singing into a microphone while still playing the guitar.
The man moves his fingers up and down the guitar while still singing into the microphone.
A guy is outside playing a guitar.
A boy rides a scooter.
A child slides down a slide.
Children and an adult stand in line.
The lady continues to explain how certain poses help in improving general flexibility in cheerleaders.
Another man spins and throws a ball onto the field.
A man is seen using a hookah and blowing smoke out into the air and leads into him scraping tobacco and driving around.
Several swimmers walk past each other, shaking hands.
Everyone keeps riding their bumper cars after the woman gets herself going again and eventually they all come to a stop.
A man is riding a black horse in slow motion.
People are shown trying to jump fences in several scenes, falling over or breaking through them at break neck speeds.
The six people continue to dance from side to side making arrows like a Jamaican dance.
The smoke is rolling around a hat.
A person is blowing smoke out of their nose and smoke rings.
The camera reverses and he continues to blow smoke.
The man keeps blowing smoke into the air.
They all press different keys to make blending sounds and not all of them use the accordion much.
Then, people plays beer pong unsuccessful, and then a man throw the ball in the far cup, then people hug the winner who receives a price.
A green umbrella sits next to the track.
The man continues rubbing down dishes while immediately throwing them into a sink of water.
We see a dirt patch in the grass.
We see the ending credits and the screen fades.
A black and white logo is shown on the screen.
A small ground of people are seen standing around a baseball field looking around to one another.
He uses a scrapper the scrape of a sticker from one of the windows.
A woman shows tango steps moving and turning around while talking.
A picture of an island coast is shown with calm blue waves washing up against the rocks.
After awhile,the male leaves the water and sits on the hill with the surfboard and then walks away.
The camera pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him.
Various pictures of food are shown followed by a person cutting up vegetables and mixing various ingredients into a pot.
Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl, wraps it up in aluminum foil, and shows more pictures of the sandwich.
He starts playing a harmonica for the camera.
A man is closing his eyes while getting his beard trimmed and combed.
A gymnast lift a weight until his shoulders, then lift it above his head.
The man left the weight fall on the floor.
A large group of people is standing and walking around several stacks of inner-tubes and a bus.
Two young children are sitting in one of the bus seats.
Someone shows a first person view floating down the river.
Various other people are shown in inner-tubes and canoes in the water.
A man holds a young boy in a life vest who looks like he is sleeping.
When she reaches the other end, she turns and starts making her way back to the beginning.
The man lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
The man hugs the men behind him.
We see a couple of title screens.
The man does a handstand on one hand and kicks his legs in the air.
A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right.
The man stands, and engages in fencing with an opponent, both attached to cables behind them.
A woman is seen moving up and down on an exercise bar while several shots are shown of her exercising.
She's shown again holding weights and doing exercises while standing on the beam as well as laying.
The camera pans out a great distance and turns  to show a yellow bannister on an outdoor deck with a brown leather chaise like seating area over looking a large lake.
The riders take off on their bikes.
We see a lake, and a dog followed by a bike on a street.
A young gymnastic boy gets on a bar and starts doing flips and other things.
The man undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin.
After,the man cuts the wall paper and gains assistance while putting the paper on the roof.
He then slides back,puts his feet in the ropes and starts to tie his shoes.
They put bulbs onto the tree.
The man begins to walk on the stepper.
Words appear on the screen, followed by the appearance of men who are kickboxing.
A group plays instruments behind them while they fight.
man is standing in the living room holding a tennis racket and hiting a ball.
He does several flips and tricks.
Two more are shown as the camera man is spotting them from behind.
A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit.
He stops brushing the hair and speaks.
We zoom out and the man stops playing.
Two girls check their wrists while one speaks to the camera and several shots of a wristband are shown.
More people are interviewed while wearing the wrist bands and show how they work while many run around.
We see men on a boat, a saw appears then a man in a hammock.
After, adds display information about the leash.
A woman cuts the top off the pumpkin, emptying the seeds.
She then carves the traced lines to cut out the design.
She has a metal weight bar on her shoulders.
She moves up and down lifting the weight.
A man in a yellow construction top is inside painting the wall beige.
He is making progress across the wall pretty quickly the way he is doing it.
The last view is of the cleaned off roof and the website is shown at the bottom of the screen.
An athletic man is seen standing at the beginning of a long track with several people standing on the sidelines.
An audience is gathered in a gymnasium to watch the gymnast on the pommel horse.
He concentrates, and then mounts to begin his routine.
He performs first one, and then a second impressive handstand while gripping one handle with both hands.
Several shots are shown of him throwing as well as text going across the screen.
The man continues throwing over and over again.
Then, she explains how to cleans the border of the cake using a cloth.
A close up of a phone is shown as well as a person waking up, brushing their teeth, and walking out the door.
The people to zoom in on the camera looking closely and waving to one another.
Two adults are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid.
Someone is stroking blue paint up and down on a fence.
They do that multiple times trying to cover all of the brown.
There is a white cat on the bed behind her.
She starts braiding her hair to the side.
A man is standing at the start line clapping his hands, people look on.
A person is seen lying on the ground with another person running from behind.
The person running then falls and others around them help and drink water.
The players leaves the arena.
A green team player runs towards the clear window.
A camera pans around a mcdonalds and leads into a man speaking to a cashier.
Several shots are then shown of people playing rock paper scissors with employees.
When people win the game, they get a free ice cream.
We see a person cutting the ladies long hair with a level.
The person then brushes her blunt hair.
The lady turns around and smiles.
We see the tool in white and blue.
She changes the her speed and drink some water and keeps on going.
She then rinses and dries them thoroughly.
A man pulls a boot onto his foot seated in a chair inside.
He moves the racket and ball up to demonstrate how to properly serve the ball, followed by him actually serving the ball in slow motion.
Man in purple talks to the camera.
a camera shows a group of people sitting around a gymnasium floor with a few standing and one crossing his arms.
There's a woman in a pink shirt and black shorts training a dog on a large open lawn.
Every time she throws the disc, the dog gets excited and runs and fetches the disc for her.
The dog is well trained to catch the disc in its mouth almost every time without missing it.
A view of the sun is seen between the clouds.
She yells at him, and drags him away.
She shows him how to lather his hands with soap.
A doctor is shown talking about dirty hands to the women.
They are then shown outside, washing their hands and doctoring the boy as they show how not to be dirty.
Two girls are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair.
The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone.
They go inside, and it's a dog grooming salon.
The store owner displays different face masks for the sport.
A man in blue shirt drink a big glass of beer.
The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down, and the blonde man cheered.
man is standing in parallels doing gymnastics in a roofed gym.
Then, the girl walks and takes off the coat, then she takes a cue stick and bend on front two men.
After, the girl turns and grabs the boy shirt while making a sexy gesture, then she turns to play again.
She does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
A man is crouching on the ground, cleaning something.
a woman is in front of a table, holding a cat.
She pets the cat to calm him down.
it seems like they are watching on tv a game of soccer.
People are standing and watching him.
The boy returns to brushing and dancing.
The boy holds onto the sink again.
More people are seen spraying down a truck as well as cars being lifted up on a machine while more pictures are shown.
This man is shown standing on the roof saying a few words.
A man talks on front a microphone and people continue singing and showing beer.
A trolley rolls along a street with a conductor hanging out of the window.
We see a black screen and the credits.
The person uses the shaver on their hand.
A group of people are riding in various canoes down a river.
The scene changes to the game itself.
The boy says something and TV has numbers on it.
He goes to the bathroom and is rubbing his eyes.
A person has their hand over the lens.
We then see a child in gray skiing in front of the camera operator.
The gate is opened,and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt.
Once he is finished,the man gets back on the horse and other individuals come out to take the calf out.
The men begin a game of volleyball and hit the ball all around the area.
The men continue playing while the camera captures them moving around.
He continues moving his body around with his eyes closed.
A woman lays on a table being prepped for ear piercing.
The person in charge of the operation pierces her ear in two places with a small rod.
The person caps the new rod on both ends.
The man continues playing while the camera pans in and out on him playing the drums.
The two begin to grab each other and they begin salsa dancing.
Then she moves to throw the ball into the air and she goes back to the position she was in.
As he continues down the river,he hits a few rocks along the way and begins to bobble up and down before returning back in front of the red van.
The guy start doing karate outside.
We see a young girl light a cigarette.
She then takes the cigarette out of her mouth and talks.
A small child is seen hoping along the floor when a woman leads in more young dancers.
The video is about Wallwik and wallpaper removal system.
A group travels to a river, getting into inflatable rafts.
They float slowly back as water sprays down on them from a fall.
Several people get interviewed during the race.
The man who wins the race comes across the finish line.
She closes the sandwiches, and puts them in a heated panini press.
After, the woman cuts the nails of the front legs, but the cat kicks.
A person wearing black clothes enters the room.
The video begins with a title sequence.
Several clips of baseball players are shown playing the game.
The woman then begins dancing around with the women while following her around.
A man is doing a gymnastics routine on parallel bars.
He dismounts and lands on a mat.
Several schools are shown and the SB4TS is in the bottom right corner as a group in blue shirts and black pants begin to perform and make various formations.
A dealer is dealing cards at a blackjack table.
We sit above the man seeing his bubbles.
She then holds up a box of a product and then pouring several liquids into a bowl.
A small group of people are seen walking the red carpet and speaking to one another.
The girl makes pain gestures in the face.
Tom Hanks is interviewed several times about the event and then sits down in the end while playing.
A woman dressed in all black with a visor and sunglasses is talking holding a paddle.
The lady has now moved to a patio an is laying down flat on her back doing leg exercises.
a group of people are sitting in a sauna fully clothed.
There are some students playing the drums and some students playing the trumpet.
A woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands the phone to her husband.
the man lifts the weight three times and walks away.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her sanding down a board in several locations.
The camera moves closer to the bikers.
We see the closing screen on a blue background.
There is a panel of judges sitting across from her and evaluating her.
A man is sitting on top of a horse.
A close up of a couch is seen followed by a person walking in and out of frame.
In the end he looks at the guitar and adjusts his fingers as he finishes playing the song .
A model wearing a bikini opens directs the scene and talks behind an I-Pad screen.
A meal is cooked in a frying pan.
We  see the final scores and the scene ends.
The man is shown in several clips performing a trick with camera affects point to his movements.
There's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars.
They both swing upside down and stand on their hands for a few seconds before swinging back down.
We see a tree with leaves blowing int he wind.
The elephant and a woman take turns throwing darts at their targets.
Men helps a couple to unload the camels and feed them.
Athletes performs high jump successfully in a stadium full of people.
Other athletes perform high jump in a competition on front a crow.
Three women are sitting in a room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears.
The man is moving his legs while he has big yoga ball under his legs.
They twist an earring into the eyebrow.
More lettering appear on different black screens and together they read "MALEFICENT NAILS"and "FOR EASIER USE RED NAIL TIPS IF YOU HAVE USA PUNTAS ROJAS SI TIENES".
The woman is now showing a close up of her face as she shows the near her face, then holds up a MAC lipstick that's named "Russian Red" and she applies it to her lips then smiles and shows of her newly done nails and lips by showing it at a few angles, and then finishing with still shot pictures and the word Shio on the last still shot.
The players go to dressing rooms in the half time.
Then, the players continue playing and the red team scores and wins the competition.
They begin marching back and forth in the room.
We see a man running to measure the distance.
We see people in the crowd cheering.
We see a box on fabric.
They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
We then see the ending credits.
A girl in a blue shirt holds up a pack of fake finger nails.
The person then cuts up more fruits and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together to create a fruit bowl.
After,a row of people are shown and they all begin to shoot their bows and arrows.
He is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
We see the title on a black background.
The person uses a sharpens and then cuts the tomato, and paper easily.
Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener.
A commercial advertising a pumpkin cutter, a pumpkin knife, and a pumpkin light is shown using a family of two boys and one mother preparing pumpkins for the demonstration.
A boy is then shown placing a pumpkin light inside of a pumpkin as the mother leans in and smiles between the two boys and the finished pumpkins which now have carved faces with glowing lights inside.
Dozens of people are seen riding up a large, dusty hill while the camera pans around people riding on dirt bikes.
A black screen appears with white letters that say "Out of several faults we select ONE problem", and the video continues to show the problem and words appear on the screen to explain them.
The same young lady is now standing in a different area holding a hand towel as she practices her swings and words on the screen give tips.
A boy is now standing on the concrete circle and he's practicing his swings with a shirt.
The outro screen is mainly white with a black design on it and the name of the company and a person.
A man sets a timer on a table.
The girl talks to the camera.
They take off, racing over hills and around sharp corners, some falling off their bikes and kicking it angrily.
Close ups of fabric are shown and leads to a man putting them on a wall and a woman speaking to a great of men.
She then spins herself around while holding the object and then throwing it off the distance.
A man in gray shirt is sitting on a chair.
A woman is seen smiling and speaking to the camera.
Then, the person grabs polish paste and water to polish the shoe.
The use the scissors to curl the ends of the bow.
Another black screen appears with captions.
The man in the glasses while still at the arm wrestling table with the other man gives a website address and social media sites.
The screen goes black and there are credits rolling followed by a company name.
The first man stops playing and turns to the camera.
The man jumps over a stroller being pushed by a lady.
The man jumps over a truck and over a fence losing the cops.
A man does spins around in a circle and completes the throw celebrating his distance.
A man dressed in army fatigues is playing bagpipes while other people watch.
A still image is pictured with the words Dog Walk Across America shown over it.
The man then reappears with the lady and they begin to talk again.
They take turns stacking a pile of tires.
A collection of skateboards lined up on a street in the upward position on their wheels and upside down on the platform.
A view of a vehicle loaded with skateboards and skateboarding equipment.
Another view of the skateboards lined up on the street in the upright position.
The woman then begins to apply the wallpaper to a wall step by step.
Then different men are shown diving in slow motion off the diving board into the water.
She brings her arms up and her legs up to the center of her body.
We see a game of hockey being played.
A person punches someone in the head.
The coach is trying to fight another coach.
A man holds up a ping pong ball in front of a group of people.
Text appears on the screen.
The words "Fair Oaks Longboarding" along with credits appear over the skaters.
We are shown the instant replay in slow motion a couple of times.
A group of people are seen hanging out around an area with several standing around a beer pong match.
The people play beer pong back and fourth and a woman takes a drink in the end that is gross.
The stylist sprays the clients hair.
The stylist name and credits are shown.
The scene begins with a bare green patch of cut grass surrounded by tall trees and a building in the background beyond the foliage.
This is a how to film on how to apply a seal to a roof.
Black things are put on the side of the roof.
One woman and two men, wearing white pants, white shirt and black and white belts demonstrate martial arts moves, barefoot,  on a large patch of grass in front of a body of water and a city scape of buildings.
A woman with blonde hair in a ponytail and a black belt, demonstrates martial arts moves first exhibiting shoulder and arm moves and footwork.
woman is in front of a handwash cleaning his mouth with mouthwash.
A child in a helmet is shown.
A man runs along side them.
A new clip appears with the newscaster woman interviewing a Doctor, then a woman is shown sitting in a chair while the Doctor is standing up talking to her, and the banner below say's his name is "DR PAUL COHEN DERMATOLOGIST" and various clips of people playing in the sun play in between him talking.
Several clips are shown of men speaking to one another as well as riding on a dirt bike.
The riders continue to go around the track as well as show off jumps in the end.
The cricket player hits a high pop fly that is caught.
A boy's red bumper car gets stuck on the column.
A guy walks across the brown floor.
Then he begins to slowly peel off the paper from the wall.
He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper.
He shows how to apply primer to prep the wall for painting.
Information on how to use these techniques is provided on the Lowe's company website.
chef is sanding in front of a coutner with chopped ingredients in different plates and talking to the camera.
man spray oil on the pan and add the mix of the eggs and the vegetables.
man is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera giving a recipe.
A "Finale Coppa Italia" beach soccer title screen appears featuring Sambenedettese and Catania.
Men play professional soccer on a beach near the water.
The three men cheer with each other and give each other big hugs.
The man talks to the camera.
Scrolling text is shown on a blue screen.
Suddenly there are lit up people wearing light suits that are dancing on the black area and they change from 1-7 people, and alternate suit colors from white, then to red and then back to white again.
A man driving a moving tractor steps around and looks towards the front.
A man on a bike looks onward and laughs and the man eventually steps off.
A man showing I'm bald words is above his head.
The boy s continue to spar across the stage.
He jumps off the horse and ties a calf.
He stands up and gets back on his horse.
A man talks indoors, then a lady talks in a field while girls runs on her side.
The girls continue dancing,moving up and down and twirling the baton.
During the recital,the girls do the same routine but instead of a horizontal line form a vertical one.
Once they are done,they move towards the back of the stage and dance off behind the curtains.
The bull runs and charges aft the matador from a distance.
The matador cheers to the crowd with his back facing the bull.
A man, in black t-shirt, stands alone in a kitchen, talks to a camera in an animated way and prepares a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
The man bites into the sandwich, begins talking again, slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off.
A group of men and boys are on a snow capped hill.
They lob snowballs and ride the cars, then they ski down the hill.
Two men are shown speaking at a party playing pong with two other men.
A teenage boy wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court.
A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water.
They resume playing and jumping.
The man in yellow restarts a new match.
The man in blue walks to the window and messes with a sticker.
The man pierces her nose.
A man appears from behind a hedge and he's holding a lime green hedge cutter and he begins to go around his hedges and starts cutting away at them first at the top, then he concentrates on the sides and towards the bottom.
The man then moves his hedge cutter and concentrates on the top of the hedges.
Four people are seen hitting a ball around a gymnasium back and fourth off the wall with a tennis racket.
The man then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera.
Then it zooms out and a small girl is standing at the beginning of a hopscotch written in chalk, and a man is standing at the end and he throws a piece of chalk her way, it breaks, he hops to pick it up, she picks up the other piece and returns it to the chalk container off to the side.
The girl returns to the beginning of the hopscotch and takes her turn, and they go back and forth and play taking turns jumping up and down the hopscotch.
A woman leads a class of boys and girl in exercise.
They are playing a game of water polo.
A woman is seen speaking to someone off camera and leads into herself playing the drums.
A large group of people are seen playing dodgeball against one another and throwing the ball back and fourth.
A woman lies on her back doing abs.
Then, the woman stops and a dog approach to her.
A girl is shown on the gymnastics floor preparing to do a baton routine.
A person is seen moving themselves along the water while also being shown in slow motion.
He puts the shredded cheese onto the original plate.
After, he picks some herbs and places them on a plate.
He then talks about a bottle of oil and adds some to the original plate.
He also adds a different type of oil to the plate.
The teams congratulate each other, showing sportsmanship.
A person is seen in several different shots performing tricks along the water while others ride around him.
A green figures walks down the street.
People are sitting in kayaks on a river.
They are rowing their oars.
The person sits down in front of the drums and begins playing them continuously.
The man continues playing the drums faster and faster while the camera captures his movements.
A man is seen pushing a lawn mower along a yard and moving the machine all around the yard.
A pregnant woman is slowly moving in a room.
She moves side to side as she goes.
A man is showing a boy trying to solve a rubix cube.
On lookers are going from table to table to watch.
A boy grabs a pen and the man solves the puzzle.
We see a man and a woman swimming together and the lady waves at the camera.
Two of the men start fighting each other.
A child runs to catch a blue, large ball.
After, the person solves the cube puzzle puts it on the laptop.
People high five and we see a lady talking.
One man kicks the other boy and he bends over.
Beer and other alcohol is shown on a counter in a kitchen.
The lady takes and prepares her cake pans.
The woman speaks to the camera and demonstrates different techniques of skating down the sidewalk.
Someone throws something at a boy.
An intro leads into a woman looking into the mirror and putting makeup on.
She puts glasses and looks down at the mirror.
They are shown playing in slow motion.
We see the inside of a plant, where cookies are crushed and put into containers of vanilla ice cream, then sorted.
A man wearing gloves holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between.
The man adjusts the camera and returns to ironing.
Then, the woman cuts the paper and wraps around the box using tape.
man is talking to the camera in a dark room.
man is snowboarding on the snowy slope and a video is showing the right position of the body when going side to side.
The two continue to dance around and sing with each other.
A close up of skis are shown followed by a person pushing themselves along using sticks and skiing down the mountain.
man is alone practicing kicks and punches.
man wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man.
He plays the drums and cymbals gently.
A man and woman are sitting on a stage together.
They are talking about the tango dance.
The man instructs four women on cooking.
The man adds oil, onions, garlic, and peppers to a pot.
The man adds clams to the pot.
The man boils pasta in a separate pot.
The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot.
The women try the pasta dish.
The man starts calling out tickets.
He shows off the bucket and solution, then mops the floor in a demonstration.
We then zoom in on the plates.
We see a shadow on the plates.
A woman wearing workout gear is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag.
The woman holds onto the bag, smiles, then jumps off.
A man in a yellow shirt is on his knees layering cement on the floor.
The man goes back to layering the floor with cement.
The person hangs Christmas bulbs on the tree.
Scenes of matadors interacting with bulls are shown.
The crowd cheers for a matador.
The woman is leaning on the pool table focusing on the ball.
the girl starts walking an sit in fronts of a counter with a bowl of fruits and talk to the camera, walks again in the kitchen and keep aqueezing lemons in the water bowl, woman starts helping her.
The man continue working while showing the steam on the hot mats and the finished roof with done.
A rainbow appears, then we see boats on the beach and more surfers in the waves.
They go on the floor and stand still.
A girl is seen sitting outdoors and holding up a bottle of sunscreen while speaking to the camera.
A man records a close up of a tube and pushing it into a woman standing in the snow.
Pictures of her hair are inserted.
A woman is parasailing in the ocean.
She goes over a large wave, which knocks her over.
People are playing basketball behind them.
The man is holding a phone and taking a picture with the girl.
A close up of a car is seen followed by people walking into frame and washing the car.
We see outdoor images then a man in a kitchen.
We see ingredients on a table.
The man mixes the ingredients in a mixer bowl.
The man mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans.
people are in a camp with a lot of camels sitting on the floor.
men are riding camels in the dessert.
They collapse as different people do the same jump.
The boy plays a saxophone while people walk past him and put money down.
The boy continues playing while the camera captures his movements and others stop to watch.
A man with a beard is playing on a green drum.
A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say "Here it comes Set for full Screen".
A picture of a snowcapped mountain appears and white words on the screen say "HARTEL PRODUCTIONS".
Various still shots of people walking with dogs or walking alone along a road appear along with various shots of the area and titles of what they are.
At the end there are still shots of dogs getting loaded into a car, the dogs in the car, a man loading the car with his walker, a closing sign and then yellow words appear that say "THE END" and it fades to black.
A little girl is standing in her bathroom and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash.
She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink.
The man wearing the helmet starts down the street on a skateboard.
The man rides past a stop sign.
Various people are shown riding around on horses holding sticks in the air and riding around one another.
A logo and the words Master Lube TV show up on a black screen.
The outro screen appears and it's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words "For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV".
He sets the completed rubiks cube down on the table.
People running up the beach very quickly.
Then they start to make strange faces towards the camera.
A woman with long, black, curly hair is wearing casual wear, talking, and squatting on a roof.
The roof is done and a view of the entire house is shown to show off the finished roof.
A camera zooms in out two people riding in a canoe together.
We see a man siting and holding a drum.
The man stops paying the drums.
The man demonstrates how to throw the ball up and how to swing.
As they continue,the bald man is shows and continues talking and they continue to flash between him,the players, and the games.
The man with the pole runs and throws it and then hits the ground.
The pole flies through the air and lands just past the number 85 on a field.
Men are seen in the stands clapping.
The bumper car ride is packed with people, already many are crashing.
A man flashes the peace sign at the camera, having a good time.
Car 9 has finally gotten going but he is crashing left and right.
An elderly lady sits in a chair knitting and talking to the camera.
Several objects on paper are shown while the women continue to speak and one start making designs on the nails.
We see a white opening screen.
The lady gift wraps the box for the man.
The lady finishes wrapping the gift.
The man presents the box to the camera and talks.
A man walks across a tightrope, as seen from the view of the underside of the rope.
Another man joins him,and they balance,walk, and do push ups.
man is slowly walking practicing boxing movements.
man stands and extends the hand to hold the kid.
She continues to spin around the baton and demonstrate how to properly twirl it.
A close up of a person's feet are seen as well as text on the screen.
She then sticks the shoes in the wash and shows them off afterwards.
They are ready to compete in competition.
They are involved in a game of curling.
The person then lights up his blades and jumps in place.
A man is standing in a gym preparing to lift a set of weights placed on a bar.
People do trucks on a railing down a ramp at the skate park.
The guy walks through a door he opened.
The amplifier is displayed on a table.
A female reporter is holding a microphone while doing a news report.
Several people are seen kneeling on a beach helping a small child make sand castles.
She takes a huge jump, hurling herself over a bar.
She mixes everything together and stirs it up with seasoning.
She then puts it into the tray and into the oven to bake.
Several other teams approach the bar and they too begin doing the same tricks in their competition.
A woman is seen playing a set of bagpipes while people sit around her and watch.
He holds the ax up over his head while still looking down at the log.
A man is putting wall paper on the wall, he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest.
He starts to add pressure to it so that any bubbles get out and it looks nice and even.
He picks up a heavy ball, and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques.
A man is snowboarding down a hill of snow.
A man walks around while adjusting a belt, with many other people in the room.
The man gets on a stage and powders his hands.
A replay of the lift is shown from a different angle.
A game is taking place between argentina and peru.
The men are shown on the court, playing the game and kicking the ball.
She starts playing a flute.
She continues playing the flute white looking down.
Various scissors and combs are laid out on a mat.
The stylist trims the sideburns and around the ears.
woman is in a lake windsurfing with a red windsurf.
other people are in the back windsurfing in the lake.
journalists are talking in the news.
She is wearing a very sexy short dress and kicking her legs up and down in heels.
One of the workers is sitting on a stool smoking until they end their dance on the ground.
Two men are playing squash.
She then starts painting two of the drawers orange.
A small girl is at an amusement park dart rewards game.
A lady who is working at the stand comes and asks her how many darts she would like to use, she gives the girl the darts.
A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a large stage with other people watching on the sides.
They both stand at the ends of the table and begin arm wrestling and talking.
behind him is a girl playing the tambourine and a boy playing the triangle.
A woman steps onto the table and falls into his arms.
He pushes it over his head before dropping it on the ground.
She places an item on the machine and several pictures of health are shown.
Finally,she comes back and adds the finishing touches on her lips,she finishes off her lips and adds more color to her cheeks.
They are being guided by their coach.
There is a truck behind him.
Young boys are shown doing a karate demo in front of the judges.
They then relax and take a bow while the people behind them clap.
A "Catalyst Athletics" logo appears with social media links.
A man in a black shirt is talking to someone.
An intro leads into several shots of divers moving around the ocean and passing various fish and items under water.
The diver comes above the water holding a tank and spins around while the camera follows.
A man in a white jacket picks up an iron.
He puts the iron on the sandwich.
He opens the tin foil and cuts the sandwich in half.
An athlete is seen walking up to a platform and begins spinning himself around and throwing an object off into the distance.
His throw is shown again in slow motion and another man is seen spinning around then throwing the object with his hands up afterwards.
man is running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking.
A person is then seen rubbing down the show with a rag using several ingredients and zooming in on the clean pair of shoes.
She is displaying acts of tai chai for the camera.
The woman to one side is playing maracas.
The man on the other side is playing an electric guitar.
The man begins spinning his body quickly in circles.
Two teams play polo holding poles to kick a ball on front a crowd in a field.
He then waxes the ski and removes the pin.
A bare chested man in black track pants spins a hammer throw around and around until he releases into a field in front of him.
The man then goes on to perform at least six more hammer throws in the same way in the same location.
Various shots of landscapes are shown including deer heads and tree houses and leads into a man shooting a bow and arrow.
People run in a marathon in the street.
Suddenly, the man crashes into the car and falls.
He walks into the arena and talks with two fencers.
One of the fencers puts on a fencing suit on the man.
The woman disappears as the man continues to push.
The camera zooms in to shows the horse' nose and then the woman climbs onto the horse's saddle to ride it somewhere.
She reads it and then does what the paper says to do.
Water splashing on a watch tower.
People sitting on the beach in a boat.
music plays in the background as different people are sailing during different clips.
the boy in pink top does a spinning kick.
A man plays the drums intensely.
An archery competition montage video shows pitched battles taking place in fields, convention halls of hotels, indoor arenas, and warehouses.
the dog runs to get out of the way of the lawn mower and leaves the scene.
Finally the person plays with the cat and the car continues licking.
The boy continues to ride until he reaches the bottom.
A woman stands by a sink as she speaks.
She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink.
She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink.
oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan.
whipping cream is meled in a bowl and beat until double its volume.
In the end the man takes the pumpkin off of his head.
A man is shown sitting down in front of a tree shuffling cards when someone hands him a drink.
He then chugs the drink very quickly and points to the one who threw the drink.
Several images of a bakery and a chef are shown and then a little animate guy comes along showing what the video will be about.
A real chef then appears and begins cutting small layers of cakes and adding them together.
Several people are around her washing clothes and tending to them.
The little girls continue rinsing the clothes in the bucket as the young boy turns his back to the camera.
The young girl continues on with her work and is shown being very focused in her task.
We see the man jet skiing and performing jumps on a lake.
Two women and a man are walking in the hallway looking at the carpets on display.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while shots of homes are shown.
A boy welds on a piece of metal making sparkles.
The sidewalk then appears and a boy begins to skateboard down the road near the beach.
He continues doing tricks and skateboarding through the city passing people and cars.
The man then pulls on the fishing wire a few times and stands there holding his fishing pole, moving it, and winding it from time to time.
The end of the pole begins to bend and the man starts pulling the pole and winding it up and he pulls a fish out of the hole and it lands onto the ice.
The man then begins to pull on the fishing wire, pulls his pole up and and down a few times, and then adjusts the camera.
A man starts throwing a shot-put several different times as names scroll at the bottom.
He stops cleaning the window, and says a few words in closing.
A woman in a black leotard is talking on a stage.
She starts dancing for the camera.
An ice rink then appears and a woman begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game.
More people are in the gym and they continue curling and more instructors begin having interviews.
Clips are shown from a real curling game and the people begin to wait against the wall.
A man, in a field of dirt and fruit crops with bare branches from the winter, begins to prune dead branches from the fruit plants with a pruning tool and a hatchet.
A person is shown performing a dive off of a board while a couple people watch on the sidelines and clap.
The person performs several more tricks off of the high dive while more people watch on the sides.
A person demonstrates how to make a mini meat and cheese sandwich platter with garnish.
A large platter of prepared sandwiches displays.
A persons hands is seen throwing different sandwich making ingredients into a shopping cart inside of a grocery store, the ingredients include rolls and lunch meat.
A person is then seen putting a sandwich of cheese and meat together on white bread rolls with lettuce on a counter top.
The person cuts the rolls apart to make individual sandwiches and then adds toothpicks and strawberries along with lettuce garnish to the platter which is then focused on by the camera as the finished product.
We see a man run and do a long jump on different tracks repeatedly with his name on a sign occasionally.
We see the man on a blue track with ad signs.
The screen fades to black.
A woman mixes items together in a bowl.
A man and woman are riding bikes quickly down a paved street.
A woman is standing in the bathtub using the shower to wash her clothes.
She kicks the clothes around and steps around and kind of dances on them.
Midway through,the instructor gets off and walks around while the rest of the class continues.
Steven Richardson, a store manager, discusses the topic of tire care for vehicles with 4 wheel drive.
The video begins with details of a field hockey team's victory in the final championship game.
The players jump on each other with joy as they celebrate.
There is a stage of singers performing live music as they celebrate the victory of the winning team.
A woman is standing with a ball on a string.
An athlete is seen standing ready in the middle of a small circle and then throws a shot put off into the distance.
IT goes through a window on a house and a cat runs.
We see the title screen and the man's pants fly out the window.
An athlete runs and pole vaults during an Olympic competition in a stadium.
Athletes make a practice jumps and dive under the rope and onto the mat.
She backs up as a dog comes into the picture.
Several people perform many tricks and jumps on the rope while others stand and watch on the side.
A woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters.
A woman stands in front of a mirror and rinses her mouth before pulling her face close to the mirror and looking at her teeth from a close up angle.
Several people are floating through it in intertubes.
The woman sat on the chair to arrange the christmas ball on the table, and helped them with the decorations.
The dancers begin to preform seperately.
A woman slaps her cheek as she prepares on a field.
A woman wearing a black top and with curly brown hair and bronze highlights is demonstrating how to use a diffuser to dry hair.
A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball.
A series of athletes are shown participating in a discus throw competition before a crowd.
More discus throw performances are shown.
A camera crew focuses on a sweaty seated athlete.
Three people sit talking in front of an audience.
The start of a race is shown as people run by and the finish is also shown.
Two people speak to the camera and show more shots of them climbing a mountain and various shots of the mountain.
The people then ride around on skis while still speaking to the camera and show several shots of them riding down the snowy mountain.
Two women are standing by the sink washing their hands.
The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch.
Two boys are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other.
He pours the pasta back into the pan.
Then we see him doing several different stunts as he winds in and out of traffic.
The man continues playing and stops moving his hand out of frame.
Two cartoon sumo wrestlers are engaged in a fight.
They body slam each other as a referee watches.
Several shots of people jumping off the side and shown and many standing on the side and close ups of the jumpers.
A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read "Extreme How-To presents".
The second black screen has yellow words that read "Installing Heated Floor Tile".
A man is now standing and talking in the corner of a residential home, dressed in a long sleeved button up black shirt, brown long pants, shoes and wearing a hat.
The man is then shown pressing buttons on a little white box and the man is now pointing to those wires attached to those gray pieces of fabric and the man starts putting wires into a gray pipe that is now shown on the wall.
The man is now holding a tile with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together.
Several tables are set up in a large room.
Some people are cheering about winning.
She shakes another man's hand and leaves.
She gets a dermal piercing in her cheek.
A man in a gorilla suit is playing a saxophone in the middle of a store.
The gorillas reaches out to grab one of the employees hands and the man is very embarrassed by it.
They talk to each other a bit and the other employees begin to clap excitedly.
The dry brown and yellow leaves are on the ground, on top of green grass.
A man is shown working on a fence in the backyard.
The girls lifts, then lowers her arms.
She spins back to the tall one and spins.
We see her final score on a black screen.
A camera pans all around a forest and leads into a rope tied to a tree.
the girls spins repeatedly and catches her baton.
A little boy is picking up the leaves and playing in the pile.
The boy picks up a rake and starts raking the leaves.
She continues playing her tune on the violin with full concentration without pausing.
The cat is oddly calm the whole time.
A young girl is outside at the park talking to what appears to be her older brother.
The young girl wins and the boy gives her his Xbox as a result.
We see an opening title screen.
There is a black and white TV show with two men on a stage talking and laughing.
The right man gets up and walks to a piano.
The man plays a grand piano.
The man finishes and stands up.
His same shot is shown again in slow motion and hes seen speaking to a man.
A group of young men are in a kitchen, playing a game of beer pong.
They cheer as they get the ball into a cup.
A woman is seen pushing a lawn mower across some grass while speaking to the camera.
The camera zooms in on plants in the yard and continues to follow the woman around as she cuts the grass.
The camera wanders through a bunch of plants and trees in the end.
woman is in the backyard and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass.
A person cooks on a wood cooker, then a person rafts in a river.
In the end medals are handed out and people wear them while celebrating in different spots.
White text says in memory of Paul Walker.
Each detail is drawn one at a time, producing the final completed image.
A man in interviewed and we see the men play lacrosse.
A male gymnast dressed red and white leotards is performing on a horse bar.
He climbs up the horse bar and does backhand springs.
A series of words appear across the screen and they inform us that the men are attempting to row across the Atlantic.
A man is in a worship, talking in front of a piece of wood.
the boy continues to drum the cymbals and the hi-hat in a rhythmic way as the people cheer for him.
The person shows how to prep the floor surface before installing the tiles.
The video shows a simulation how the tiles can measured up and laid down one by one in order to get a perfect wall to to wall fit.
One gets stuck and he licks the spatula.
A girl with long hair is shown speaking to the camera and leads into her spraying water all over a dog in the tub.
The dog is shown again all dried off and shakes himself while looking at the camera and the girl speaks more.
Once the clock reaches 43 seconds both the men finish the puzzle and congratulate each other on completing the puzzle.
We see a man making shots in a basketball hoop.
She then mixes various ingredients into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker.
More people are seen using them as well as walking around.
A person is seen running hold a surf board, and is shown again looking at his phone and laughing.
The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it.
The snow mobile starts to move and the person begins snowboarding throughout the field.
A man is rubbing sunscreen on his back.
A girl is laying down on a towel on the beach behind him.
The man continues to ride as the camera zooms in on the water.
A man is seen holding an instrument in front of a large stack of instruments and speaking to the camera.
A camera zooms in on a baby wearing a baseball hat riding back and fourth on a swing set.
The guy removes his legs from the exercise machine and touches the knob.
We see the girl spin in the air.
The girl does a series of flips and a spin.
We see a title screen and then see the girls bloopers.
She talks to the camera man while smiling at the camera and continuing to scrape.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a piece of exercise equipment with her arms.
The pictures transition into more ingredients with hands covering them up and squeezing them into a ball.
Finally, a picture of the finished food product is shown.
We see a opening title screen.
Some team is playing a game on the field, one of them scores.
The audience goes crazy and then the teams are back to trying to score into the goal.
A man wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk.
A band plays on a stage.
A man and a little girl are standing on a beach.
A man is in a garage with newspaper on a table.
A man talks to the camera while riding the horse and giving various shots of the land.
A group of friends ride inter tubes through small rapids in a tropical jungle.
He is holding onto a kite in the air.
He leans way back, being drug by the force of the wind.
A ball is shown swinging around followed by shots of scenery and people getting ready.
Various people are shown getting ready to perform followed by several people swinging the balls.
A person is seen performing various flips and tricks in front of audience and leads into a young boy standing in the middle.
The person wipes it down and then uses a bar of wax on the sander along the ski.
The man finishes and smiles as his friend claps his hands.
We see the closing screen.
he throw the dart to the board and lean on the wall.
man open his arms and swings side to side, kneel on the floor.
She continues to play the drums while the camera zooms in on her hands.
The audience is cheering and the riders are off going super fast trying to win.
The camera then zooms in on a photo on a poster.
Then the ballet dancer brings one foot into a coupe.
We see an opening title screen.
Two men turn and look at each other.
woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs.
He starts working out on one of the bikes.
A man on a horse walks down the center of a line of people on a horse while holding a long mallet pole.
The game of polo begins and the people on the horses begin to swing their mallet poles across the ground.
He then dismounts, throwing his arms up as he does so.
Various clip are shown of ingredients being laid out in bowls followed by a person mixing them all together.
More products for homes are being pushed out and a machinery is shown carrying them away.
A close up of a slide is seen followed by an adult and a young child riding down the slide.
A woman is seen standing in a large circle and bending herself forward.
The man speaks and uses another tool to cut a piece off then wipes the ceiling.
We see an opening title screen.
The left team jumps and cheers.
a man is standing in his back yard.
He is laughing as he paits the side of a shed.
The final man does a more traditional  dive.
Then, the woman wraps gifts with different shapes and ornaments.
A lady attempts to stand on one foot in the boat and falls into the lake.
A lady has one foot in the water and one in the boat and she starts doing push-ups on the boat.
The lady finishes and shows her muscle to the camera.
We see an emblem on the screen.
The man throws matches at the pile of wood.
A fire begins to burn.
A man instructs them on how to properly land in the water followed by several people jumping one at a time into the pool, including the camera man.
A group of people are in the backyard of a house, playing croquette.
A man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game, playing and hitting the ball and he explains it.
The video transitions into showing a ladle pouring the sauce onto noodles.
They then begin stirring the vegetables with the oil.
Everything is being stirred together.
The pan is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended.
The sauce is completed and poured onto the noodles.
A man rubs his face with his hand and then he sticks his tong out.
The camera pans right to show a man standing beside the woman.
A pair of hands are now holding a waterboard that has black and silver pair of shoes attached to it.
Then, the toddler applies make up to her eyelids on front a blue mirror.
Players are playing lacrosse outdoors in front of an audience.
After, the people take the boats to sail on a narrow choppy river.
He is hanging wall paper onto a wall in front of him.
Various shots of people standing together and moving around ice are shown as well as people playing shuffle board and yelling to one another.
She is knocked out of her intertube.
The person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines the wheels underneath.
A crowd cheers sitting behind the bowling alley.
A huge crowd is in the stands in an arena.
The man that threw the javelin celebrates.
Several men run out to where the javelin lands again.
A fourth man throws a javelin.
She demonstrates how to properly throw the tool and performs several throws to show how it's one correctly.
Then, another man come and help cover the floor with tiles.
He spins the broom in circles around him.
The man lassos and ties it up.
A man briefly enters the camera frame.
The second man lassos and ties it up.
The man then jumps out of the capsule and falls the distance between the capsule and the water and plops into the water.
He is standing in the woods again talking.
The man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits the ball back and forth.
A sailboat with dark red plum colored sails is riding on the ocean.
The boat turns and we see it from behind as we move to the left side.
Her coach walks to the uneven bars to position himself in case she falls.
She gets off the uneven bars and lands on the mat and poses.
A man drives his car to the beach.
The person clean the leg with cotton.
We see a man's name on the screen and a man behind a boat and a man jet skiing  and flipping around.
We see the lake and then the closing credits.
A group of men are outside standing in a circle hitting sticks as two males begin fighting.
A girl video records a man throwing lighting the end of a stick on fire.
The man blows the stick of fire into a pile of wood and eventually creates a fire.
The man stands up and kneels back down several times.
Photographers stand up at the end of her table.
The woman is fully shown as she stops dancing and begins to speak to the camera.
A man behind him starts doing push ups.
There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence.
A little girl is running around with a stick pushing and object, playing and having a lot of fun.
The man continues doing several different tricks on the skis and the boat moving a lot faster.
The same man speaks to the camera and is shown riding on a surf board with several other surfers.
A woman is standing and talking to the camera, as she pointed to the horse next to her.
The same man is shown several times through various clips in slow motion performing the long jump on a track field.
4 The guy lets the cat go.
A person is sitting behind a table doing a rubiks cube blind folded.
The chords and words appear at the bottom of the screen as he plays.
Two people are playing badminton as someone records them with a video camera.
A guy hurts himself as the other people watching him laugh at him.
The people that were playing badminton go over and talk to other people that are sitting in lawn chairs.
The ingredients are mixed into a bowl one at a time, adding eggs, sugar, and butter.
The woman uses a chalk line then tape to mark the floor.
Some other people are seated nearby, and many individuals walk past him.
The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish.
Everyone else begins to take their turns and start to run and jump also.
We see people playing soccer outdoors at night.
We see a man shifting the ball with his feet.
A man sits behind the table dealing the cards.
A lady is talking to the camera in a light room.
Gymnasts stretch and prepare for a routine.
The man places the razor on a charging stand which shows a light illuminating, and then picks it back up.
Two men demonstrate jump rope stunts, tricks and techniques in an auditorium in front of a group of students.
A volunteer rakes leaves in a front yard.
Volunteers all eat together in a cafeteria.
A man gets hit multiple times as he runs forward on the court and retrieves balls.
The players from Brasil scores while people in the bleaches celebrate.
A little girl follows a boy in a yellow bumper car.
Then, the  boy and the girl hit other bumper cars.
People are playing indoor soccer in an arena.
A woman stands in a room holding a hula hoop.
There are two elephants standing behind him.
A hockey stick and a white ball lay on fake grass outside.
A guy uses a hockey stick to bounce a ball in the air.
A boy plays with a ball in a yard.
A boy swings and hits the ball out of the yard.
People play shuffleboard in a gym.
A woman throws a black puck, then she talks and continue playing.
An infomercial shows a person using a razor on their leg while speaking to the camera.
The woman continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
We see a man throwing a curling stone.
Both boxers exchange punches and kicks in the center of the ring.
Once the two get around the curve,they hit two small hills and wade in the calmer part of the water.
man is waxing a woman's leg.
Two people have their legs tied together and then receive instructions.
The kids move all around the game hitting into one another.
The game continues on with the kids playing and crashing into each other.
The top of the sink is scrubbed then the bowl.
It is wiped with a towel to finish.
The lady begins playing her bagpipes as the man watches her play.
She continues playing and after she's done, the man claps for her and gives her a hug.
A man is seen dancing with a hula hoop in a crowded area while people wander around behind her.
three kids are hitting a ball with a racket.
Moving around all over the court trying to catch it.
Then, the person sails in choppy waters, suddenly he pivote the boat away helping with the oar.
A group of kids and adults are by a river.
They get into rafts and float down stream.
"How to start a campfire with FiAir" appears on screen.
He builds and lights a fire in the pit using the FiAir device.
People watch a parade where people walk on front a marching band holding a banner and waving the viewers.
A man cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
A group of soldiers holds rifles and flags on front a black car.
A veteran make the military salute.
A man walks over to another man upset and suggests an arm wrestling match.
The match continues as the men discuss their issues and the women watching yell at the men.
The women then help the men arm wrestle and one punches the other to help one man win.
A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking.
A woman is outside wind blowing a little bit through her hair, the view is outstanding.
She is dancing with a baton very gracefully all around the stage for her performance.
She does handstands and all kinds of different intriguing moves.
anoher man appears on the room and is practicing a head lock.
They are rafting in choppy water of a river.
peolpe are scuba diving in the sea next to the pier with bags on their backs and showing the fishes and rocks on the floor.
A woman grabs it away from him.
Various shots of plated food are shown followed by a sandwich sitting on a table and a woman holding up pans.
three people is in studio talking about news.
Then we switch to more letters and roof has been sprayed with a solution.
We are provided the phone number of the pressure washers.
A man is standing outside in a field of grass that is relatively low.
As he cuts,several texts appear across the screen with white words about what he is doing and explaining the activity.
An elderly woman lays on down against a brown pillow.
She finishes playing and laughs.
The players from the white team try to prevent him from hitting a goal.
An animated version of the game is shown on screen.
They knock the pins down.
A man on a tennis court by himself serves a tennis ball with a tennis racket across a net.
A male athlete is running on a track.
The man stops playing the guitar and stands up and walks toward the camera.
They are using racquets, balls, special shoes and protective glasses.
A few men are in the woods running playing paintball.
One of the men checks his gun and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward.
He moves along to continue playing the game.
A lady chef wearing a stripe blouse talks in a kitchen.
The lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product.
The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and holds up a bottle to the camera.
Now the view changes to the view from a helicopter above and it shows the people on the water driving their water jets.
A close up of a mat is shown surrounded by pucks and a stick sitting in the middle.
A man is SCUBA diving underwater while holding his air tank in his hands and the text continues to explain.
A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness.
Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.
The stone particles stick to the wet piece of wood.
He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
The frog then escapes and jumps away.
The lady cleans the hooves on the white and tan horse.
A bunch of children are riding around in bumper cars.
They bump into each other, smiling and laughing.
The guy runs the metal object repeatedly across the white cloth.
The camera pans down the finished picture and a text is shown across the screen.
She puts on a sock on her left foot while crossing her leg and then proceeds to put on a tennis shoe on her left foot.
Many people walk past and don't seem to notice the drummer.
He stacks the food up on the bread again.
He moves the sandwich from the board onto a plate.
The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows.
A woman walks by the exercise room holding weights.
He sits down and takes another puff off the hookah.
Two people are shown holding fencing sticks and pointing towards each other.
The video shows a canopy representing the Eastern Mountain Sports event.
A man is in the murky waters, using a paddle.
A person rides a horse in a field  kicking a ball with a curved stick.
The camera pans around a pool and audience and leads into a group of swimmers standing ready on the side.
First the man walks onto the stage in the beginning and shakes his head roughly.
Next he wrestles a man who has long short blonde hair and he wrestles a man who has a low haircut and he wins.
The man finishes and looks up, then at the ground.
The woman is running with a pole, then she jumped over the yellow rope.
He is shaving a man's head with shaving cream and a razor.
A man is outside in a field of grass pushing a lawn mower back and forth.
A graphic of a boy kicking a soccer ball with 3 defender is seen.
a loaf of bread is thrown to fishes and their are fighting to eat it.
One of the players hits the ball on his opponent.
Next, the player hits another ball directly at his opponent standing opposite him.
They continue playing several rounds of dodge ball.
A young man plays the guitar in a boat, while a youth smoke a cigarette.
He jumps off into the pool below him.
A fox news icon appears on the screen.
A male and female reporter attempt to throw the balls at the cups.
We see a white opening screen.
man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about casino dealing.
A young child is seen smiling to the camera and beginning to climb across monkey bars.
The man makes a pushing gesture towards the camera.
The man makes several gestures towards the camera.
The fish rams into the man and swims away.
A girl is outside on a boat dock holding a three hula hoops in her hands.
The men continue walking back and fourth with the ball and hitting it off the wall as well as bumping into the wall.
Two men are seen passing a ball to one another and leads into a group of people playing soccer.
It is night time and the street is dimly lit with the street lights.
He picks up the up snow and piles it up on the corner.
Three men walk into a building.
They begin to play a game of curling.
The men are shown in the locker preparing to curl.
The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force.
man wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row.
Two women and a man dance pop music while doing different steps.
The women and the man rise the arms while dancing, then they continue dancing and turning.
She forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall.
Ingredients are mixed and sauteed.
Pasta is added to the fry pan.
The final product is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate.
a man and a woman are dancing doing a zumba choreogaphy in the middle of stage.
man wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing.
A couple wheels a small wagon and cooler in a park area.
The bundle of woods is lit on fire and more sticks are added to keep it going.
As the boy is being approached,he kicks his opponent in the head.
Once the boy is okay,the referee begins making several hand gestures and they conclude the match,the young boy goes to his mother and makes his way to who ever is holding the camera.
A team of players run on a field.
They are holding some sort of rackets.
A small group of men are seen walking down a dirt road followed by several shots of them riding in tubes and laughing to the camera.
They continue riding down the river under trees and has more people holding the camera.
The camera pans all around the fence with flowers on the side.
More shots of a person running around a paintball field as shown as well as pointing to others, shooting others, and hiding behind objects.
As the game begins,the men all fall into a slanted position as they struggle to pull the rope.
The man looks at the roof of the house on the ladder.
It shows the papers on the screen.
A man is explaining how to play the drums on bongos.
The girl then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance.
She looks back and smiles to the camera.
The lady vacuums the floor in the store.
Then another singer grabs the mic and talks to the audience.
The audience applaud and smile as they watch.
The crowd cheers and claps for him.
A text intro leads into several shots of a warehouse and people working with torches.
People are seen using computers as well as magnets that leads into people making cakes.
Suddenly another person comes into frame and plays with the man.
He falls onto the ground after going down the slide.
Player 18 takes a shot on the goal.
The man turns to the camera and smiles.
He shows with his hips how not to do it.
A person then pulls up a pinata and begins swinging at the object.
People gather in a tour facility in the dessert.
Two men are seen swinging their arms and legs around one another while a group of people stand around and watch them.
A man is doing a gymnastic routine on a balance beam.
He jumps off the beam onto a mat.
Several men dressed for the cold are waiting in a room outside the snow.
A group of people are on an outdoor court on the beach.
She takes a couple puffs from the stick while blowing it into the camera and speaking to the camera.
She jumps up and walks over to a group of people keeping her score.
Another person runs in and speaks to the others while holding a gun and others aiming over the sides.
As he speaks he washes his hands with some hand sanitizer.
They join other children, arguing over a bowling ball.
A woman dances after making a serve and hugs her friend.
A close up of a high dive is shown followed by people walking up the steps.
He takes them out and finishes by decorating them.
Two men are standing in a room playing a game of tennis.
The game continues,the child holds his own until the adult ends up hitting it and the kid is not able to return the ball.
There are two news anchors, a lady and a gentleman both dressed in black presenting a news section.
There is another lady seated on a table along with two other women, demonstrating how to wear colored lenses in eyes.
a doctor in a lab coat talks about the lenses too, while people are showing how to use them.
The lady news anchor comes back with the male news anchor to continue the program.
They use their bats to move the puck, high fiving when they are done.
The young amateur players begin to bowl using the two handed technique.
Garafulic starts to explain clinics and the medals they have won breaking perfect games.
The bowlers are shown practicing once again.
A little girl runs by as he mows.
The male stands up right and puts a blue plastic chair between his legs and starts spinning around his head.
He completes his performance and the crowd jumps up and congratulates the man.
After,several balls are then thrown towards the paddle and returned by the machine.
A bartender talks about how to make a proper cocktail.
He then mixes vodka and soda together in the glass.
He grabs a lemon and puts it in the glass to finish.
Two girls are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room.
They are practicing ball room dancing.
After they finish, they both giggle and walk away.
A woman is sitting behind a piano.
A child is sitting behind a keyboard playing it.
She uses a pole to vault over a bar.
The woman in black uniform threw the javelin ball.
The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball.
The athletes one by one threw the javelin ball while on the sides are people who measures how far the it was thrown.
The right man is unable to find the arm hole.
Then they are shown playing volleyball in the water.
The fingers are moving to different keys and pressing them.
Two people are working out on exercise bikes.
men are on sides of a car polishing a blue car in a hand car wash.
A toddler in pajamas runs past frantically, running into other rooms and jumping excitedly because he wants to be picked up.
man is weightlifting and doing a big jump from a trampoline and talking to the camera.
a big platfom is shown and a man is being interviewed by a woman in top of trampoline.
man is on the 10 m trampoline and make a hand stand to make the jump to the pool.
A few of them are out there in the ocean riding on the waves enjoying the ride.
They carry her over and then 4 girls stand while they get gifts for their performance and the one handed girl gets to talk about it.
We see an opening title screen.
We see the ending title screen.
A woman is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment looking forward.
A man is seen moving around in slow motion while the camera captures him from several angles.
A pair of scissors and a comb is then seen close up and leads into a person cutting the man's hair.
The boy stands at the bottom of a small staircase and then he walks up to slide down the blue slide.
man is talking to the camera cleaning a wooden shed and start painting it.
The dog stands to catch the Frisbee the leans on the man.
We see the ending title screen.
They are bouncing and throwing a ball to each other.
We see a title screen for a cake.
The lady puts rice crispies on it.
She blow dries the bottom of her hair and is then seen again with all of her hair pinned up.
After, the boy continues playing the piano, then he takes a rest.
A little girl is standing in front of a kitchen sink.
She is peeling potatoes with the knife.
Two boys in matching shirts sit on a sofa and talk with a candy toy in their hands as they hold the candy up to the camera, play with the candy toy buttons and talk.
A closeup of the toy candy is then shown, with the candy lying on a maroon backdrop and posed.
The camera person continues to narrate the situation as he records the fire.
People are walking next to a bull.
There is a large group walking behind the bull.
The crowd is rallying around the bulls.
A man is putting a black shirt on.
A middle age man is standing in the field preparing to hit a ball.
A close up of a girl's hair is shown followed by a person braiding her hair.
Several people are outside watching a about four men bullfighting with a cape.
A young boy plays with and takes ornaments off the tree and shows them to the camera.
A man in a suit is playing a piano.
Then cool down with cruise speed tension.
Mellons are seen throughout the garden.
A painted construction paper piece sits on a table along with a suitcase of supplies.
The corners are folded like a present and peices of tape are used to secure the folded ends of the package.
A ribbon is slid under the package and tied in a bow.
The man and players demonstrate dodgeball techniques.
the guys play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body.
A man in a white shirt is talking.
A hand is put into a brush and moves the hair to be piled up and vaccumed with the other hand.
A room is shown with an acoustic guitar lying across a beige sofa and a stone art piece in front of the sofa with rocks in it.
two women are standing on a gym arm wrestling.
The screen switches to the man explaining his art.
We see the man's artwork.
He is painting on the art.
The person takes a black part and adds it.
The person removes their hands from the center of the bike's wheel.
After he makes it to the other side,he climbs off and runs to another set of monkey bars and follows through those as well.
The remaining group stands back up and does a second dance routine together.
She finishes and words come on the screen.
A large group of people are seen sitting around the group watching.
He gets off and does a hand stand.
A group of people are seen standing on a soccer field and leads into one falling down and being helped back up.
The same shot is shown again in slow motion and leads into one scoring a goal with others not paying attention.
A group of girls jump rope individually.
A man is seen moving in slow motion holding a tennis racket and throwing a ball up into the air.
A bicycle  elliptical machine is sitting in living room by a couch.
man is talknig to the camera and is holding an emery in a machine room.
He looks up and speaks.
He looks up again and speaks as he makes hand gestures.
A woman is in a kitchen, stirring food in a pot.
A person is seen sitting in front of the camera holding an instrument.
The man then begins playing the instrument while the camera captures is movements.
A man is looking all over for his dog.
He finally finds the dog who is driving the riding lawn mower.
He continues mowing in not very straight lines as the other dogs watch.
A man is practicing in front of a mirror in a studio while another watches.
The group paddles around a large boulder sticking high up in the middle of the river.
A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they're scrolling from bottom to top.
A small group of children are seen sitting around a pool while the camera pans around the pool.
He continues to mop the floor.
He picks the mop up and puts it in the air.
A close up is seen of some of the skiers as they go.
More close ups are shown of products.
He moves his arms back and forth.
The camera follows the same girl hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started.
A woman in bed is laughing as she falls onto her own bed, still smoking.
man is standing in front of a table chopping vegetables and preparing a sandwich, he put in a bread butter cheese, avoado, and ham and a rolled sandwich.
He begins climbing up the rock.
He has a rope around his neck with different rock climbing tools.
He gives another person a high five.
The person then goes over a jump and crashes into a snowbank, showing the same shot again in slow motion.
The man and woman begin with a fast dance with a lot of foot work twirling around the floor.
The man and woman then begin a slow dance in which they glide, caress, spin and twirl each other across the floor at times lingering in smoldering postures that imply romance.
The boy continues to swim around with the other people as well as do flips under the water.
The kids move under and over the water while the camera continues to follow them.
The people are startled but continue on singing the song.
The guy starts pressing a weight in one hand.
The man walks towards a children's playground.
The man dismounts and walks back to the camera.
A man speaks to a camera.
Another man shaves his face that is covered with shaving cream.
The man speaks to the camera again.
The man speaks some more to the camera.
A man sits at a table and plays blackjack.
A man makes a bicycle kick in the sand.
Two army men in the their uniforms are tied together and pulling each other in opposite direction as part of their training.
A young preteen female is standing in the corner of a room talking.
The girl is then shown in a sparkly leotard inside of a gymnasium.
A man in a red shirt holds onto a disc and skates down the ice.
A little girl performs holding on the rings.
The boy swing on the bars, and then jumps on the mat.
One of the people is carrying a water bottle.
A car is shown going through a commercial wash.
She keeps skating down the sidewalk past the ocean's edge.
Two young girls are seen kneeling before a tub while speaking to the camera.
The young man solves again the puzzle is less time, and the man takes note.
After the young man solves again two times the puzzle in less time.
The girl looks into a mirror handed to her by the piercing artist and looks pleased.
A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink.
The girl jumps and stands looking scared of the height.
Scuba divers are shown swimming deep into the water exploring what is around.
The man is holding a welding machine and working on a metal that causes sparks, next to him is another man watching closely on the metal.
The lights lit up, the man is poking the metal.
The crowd in the arena watches her.
A person's car is shown from several angles with a person inside and leads into the car driving with people inside.
He lets go of the disc and watches it fly.
People are shown, one at a time, throwing the discs.
He moves the stick all around demonstrating how to properly play.
Women are holding a ball and spinning around before throwing it onto the field.
Several images of a bald man bowling are shown and then he appears and throws a curve ball.
The big dog then leads the little dog around on a leash.
This a video tutorial on getting box braids.
There are stills of the processes to make the braids shown on a girl in a pink jacket.
The screen goes completely black after the credits end.
They lob the ball back and forth over the net.
Two men alternatively dance on the street while pedestrian and road traffic pass by.
He swings a ball on a rope very quickly.
The boy is sitting in an empty room talking about his dance moves.
The instructions to practice are shown as the boy is dancing in the almost empty room.
People are floating down a river in tubes.
A woman push a stroller in the street.
Children bumps cars and ride around.
The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle.
A man is wearing a red hat and sunglasses.
He makes a bulls eye on the dart board.
The shots are trick shots in the second half of the video.
dolphins are swimming next to the boat.
The man hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess.
Dust rises from the man and leafs fly through the sky.
A group of people are on rafts,white water rafting through rocky waters.
After,they continue to go through rocky parts of the water and slide down small hills.
The man continues speaking to the camera and leads into clips of a boy arm wrestling and another man holding up his arm.
After the clip,he comes back and shows how to properly place your hands on the floor.
The man is playing with the dog, and we see the dog close up.
The man is snowboarding downhill.
the man and the dog are walking in an area with little snow.
The man mounts the board and snowboards before putting it in his truck.
Eventually two men chug a beer followed down a line of more men drinking their beer.
Several individuals are in the water playing a game and the man throws an orange ball to a person.
The person then takes the ball and throws it to the man sitting next to the goal.
A lady speaks with two pumpkins on a table.
A woman shows her palm.
A person carves a pumpkin.
A females gives an interview on carving kit.
The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off.
The man washes a coffee press gadget.
People are sitting on the edge of the water.
A man is seated on a chair in a hair salon.
One of the spectators walks away briefly.
The kneeling man starts a fire.
The woman continues talking to the men while the camera pans around various groups of people nearby the bar.
An young male Caucasian is sitting in a room behind a keyboard.
Before he plays,he begins to talk and make movements across three black keys with his right hand as he continues to talk.
Athletes are running down the road.
An Asian man wearing glasses, a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room.
Then, the person puts bacon on a bread and lettuce and tomato on the other bread, then spread peeper and form the sandwich.
Next, the person cuts the sandwich in half, then takes a half and gives a bite.
People are riding in a boat in the water.
A person water skis behind the boat.
A barber rubs shaving cream on a man's bald head.
A young man bend to lift a weight to his shoulders, then he lifts the weight above his head.
After, the man flips, and then a man comes and hugs the young man.
As the video ends the closing credits are displayed.
The woman bends down to pick up a garment and then spreads it over an ironing table.
The woman proceeds to iron the garment, stopping momentarily, to spray the garment with a liquid from a white spray bottle, then finishes ironing the garment and holds it to her face and cheeks and smiles.
Three athletes perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers.
The little girl is sitting at the other end of a mat.
The young boy run towards the mat and jump over the pole.
She adds ice to the glass with a scoop.
She stirs and continues to talk about the drink.
A man holds a white thing and touches it over and over.
Above water people are on the boat and a person falls into the water, we see people underwater diving and looking at sealife at night.
The man then puts a helmet on and attached the stick to a holder, leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object.
He pauses to speak more to the camera and looking down at the object to see how it turned out.
A cowboy on a horse runs after a cow.
People are working out in a room.
She is in the gold hoops as they fall to the ground she then spins  many pink hoops from her hands to her feet and as a skirt.
She then laughs to the camera and runs out with a young boy pushing her to the floor.
Two men continue talking to the camera and eventually begin arm wrestling again.
They play various matches of arm wrestling and interview a woman onlooker who also wants to arm wrestle.
The lady is in pain.
A gymnast is seen leaning across a long beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
The girl flips and tricks along the beam while others watch on the side.
The woman is washing the dog with the hose in the bathtub.
In the end more clips are shown of the fence.
A man is shown stretching before engaging in a tennis match in front of a crowd.
He then speaks to the crowd amongst flashing cameras through a microphone.
The man is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
He looks up and down before putting a foot on the base of the wall.
He ads alcohol, then drinks from the pitcher to test the flavor.
A group of people are inside a building.
They are playing a game of foosball together.
Other player talks and talks when score while men plays ice hockey.
A pot of soup boils.
Ingredients sit next to the stove top and are being used to prepare the food.
A woman talks in an office.
The man is shown several times jumping with people measuring his jump afterwards and raking the sand.
A woman is on a concrete court outside.
She is jumping across a chalk drawn hopscotch game.
She goes back and forth over the puzzle twice.
the emblem appears on the screen as suds slip down a car.
A blurry object is shown and white text shows up that reads "Fun Shoe Shine".
A pair of shiny black boots are standing and their black shoelaces are tied and the text "After" appears on the front left area of the boot.
A few angles of the boots are shown and various words pop up in front of them.
Onions are added to the skillet.
The flame is visible as the skillet sizzles more vigorously, the skillet is stirred and the food is browning.
Pasta is poured and stirred in to the mixture from a sieve.
It is left to cook more.
A man is seen walking around an area pointing to himself and speaking to the camera.
He mounts the beam and begins to perform.
He spins around the beam multiple times.
A woman is brushing her teeth.
The woman stops brushing her teeth.
Finally,she puts the brush down,rinses her mouth and dries it with a brown towel.
A small child is seen sitting on top of a slide and looking back towards the camera.
She pins up her and puts put a headband in her hair.
A woman in a red workout shirt is talking about the benefits of an elliptical cross trainer.
The host then concludes the tutorial.
Knives hit a board.
Dojo members practice techniques.
The child hops on the hopscotch pattern.
A young woman is standing behind a counter with a black skillet on it.
Next,she begins cutting each of the ingredients and adds butter to a skillet.
A boy is standing in the woods with another boy.
The two boys stare at the pile while it burns.
People are walking alongside camels.
Several shots of beaches are shown and leads into women in bikinis playing a game of volley ball.
The girls continue playing then sit on the sides and touch each other's legs.
Turns to his right and walks pass a row of benches.
Two very tall men in tuxedos are dancing outside of a store.
A man is in front of a mirror.
She stirs the pasta, and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente.
A woman and male sports news reporter, report, during a live newscast, from behind a newscast table, on a story about the dangers of dodgeball in schools and whether or not a dodge ball hurts more than a soccer ball when hit with one or the other.
Two newscasters talk to each other from behind a newscast table.
The clip switches to display a series of video clips of different children playing dodgeball in gymnasiums and being hit by the dodgeball.
She continues exercising and a close up of the machine is shown.
The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him.
When the girl is finished performing,she grabs a beanie,holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her.
Then, a person put wax on skis with an electric small machine in a room full of skis.
The crowd cheers them on for the shaving competition.
Many people are then shown kicking the bags next to one another.
A close up of a fooseball table is shown as well as people playing on the table.
A group of people are wearing snorkeling gear in the edge of the ocean water.
A girl is playing on a playground.
She begins to speed up the pace of the music she is playing.
They wave again to the camera.
The group are shown in their raft as they sail along the river.
POV footage from one of the rafters.
The group is out of the river and hiking.
A group of women dance in an aerobic class in a group inside a gym studio.
The woman walk one way taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine.
A little boy is inside a living room.
A man in a red shirt is standing behind them.
He walks away towards the house.
He then talks to a group of people while drinking an energy drink.
We see a locker room, and the title screen.
We then see his fifth attempt and the measuring.
The camera zooms in on the man as he shakes another mans hand.
We then see 8 men standing on platforms holding plaques.
The girl pauses for a second to flip her music sheet standing in front of her.
The girl stops and looking pleased with her performance.
The woman is joined by a man who is also jumping around in a pair of jumping apparatus.
A lady kicks a ball in a field.
A man and a woman works out the a cardio machine.
The stride length of the pedal is displayed in the screen.
Then the man exercise, and the muscles of the abdomen are shown.
The older girl in blue is washing the knife, while the other one is wiping the bowl.
woman is cutting oranges and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table.
The camera pans to the score board showing the long jumpers results.
Little girls performs holding sticks moving around an spinning the sticks.
Next, the girls get together to salute.
A man plays tam-tam, and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam.
The man stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man.
The wood remaining is shown and stumps are cut up.
A camera pans all around a lake and shows a person riding around on a canoe.
The person continues to get stuck around the area but moves down successfully.
The older man throw his darts on the dartboard and three darts landed on one place.
They are playing a game of polo.
A man wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide.
A man wearing dark trunks stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park.
A boy finishes, throws his arms up and spins in his chair.
Highlights of a game are shown and players are interviewed.
Teammates cheer from the sidelines.
He wiped the hood and the back of the white car with a yellow cloth.
He wiped the meters, the side window and glass and the wheel.
He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid, while he is holding a yellow cloth.
He is wiping the edge of the car then showed the white spray bottle.
He stops welding, lifts his face mask and adjusts things in the table.
He then lowers his face mask and starts welding again.
Several shots are shown of signs and building as well as pictures of divers.
There's a man in a black shirt representing Pev's Paintball talking about the recreational game.
A person's hands are seen holding a rube and spinning it around.
A man stands up in a raft.
One of the rafts capsizes at the end.
The man stands up and immediately falls into the water at high speed.
The people continuously swing back and fourth on the swingset.
Kids are shown playing on various equipment.
Someone wears the device as he uses a mower to mow his lawn.
A woman begins to put makeup on the other woman.
initial logo is shown and a web page.
little kid is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
He is working with tools and sand.
man is smoking a cigarrette in a dark street.
man is wearing a white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera.
The guy messes with his hair.
The guy gives hands gesture.
A man with long beard is talking in the camera while a hand is brushing the side of his beard, then he continue talking while in his back the TV is running, then he closed up his beard, showed a man in green and the kid sitting next to him.
The man the celebrates and shakes the hands of the opponent.
The man rides around in the bumper car bumping in to the other people while the camera watches.
The camera zooms in on the people for a closer look.
Two boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines.
A person lie down with his feet up, then the dog stand on his feet and plays with the frisbee.
Two people are jump roping outside on a patio.
The boy leaves and the girls starts jump roping by herself.
The camera cuts to scenes of the man on a small boat paddling.
The camera shows men putting boats away.
Two wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance.
The fight continues on as one wildabeast pushes the other away from the herd near a river.
The lady makes faces and claps her hands.
He picks up his speed once he comes back down from the hand stand.
After, the man cleans the area, and the girl dry some tears on her face.
A person mops a floor, with the camera only picking up part of the person and the mop.
The attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver the car.
A group of teens meet on the road and watch a teen skateboard.
Two teens skateboard on a road.
The camera shifts right to several individuals in the room, waiting for the woman to put her shoes on.
The man continues,and a gruop of people crowd around him and watch him until he falls off the wheel.
Man approaches the weights before him.
Several more men are seen attempting to lift the weight with others succeeding and cheering and others dropping the weight.
She wheels herself away and claps in the end.
Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate.
A young child is seen kicking around in the middle of a room.
She then plays a song on the violin moving his arms and hands back and fourth and ends by speaking off into the distance.
A cleaner solution is sprayed into the container to clean it out.
Solution is sprayed on the contact lens resting in the palm of a hand before being placed back on the counter.
A yorkie dog is shown from several angles.
We see an opening title screen.
We see an electric shaver from various angles.
The man rinses the shaver and works on his neck.
When they make a hole in the ice they put their fishing wire attached with bait into the hole and begin ice fishing until the woman catches a fish.
A man works on a kite.
Another man holding a baby holds up the kite's spool.
The man grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice.
The man kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole.
A boy is sitting in a chair behind a counter.
The man lifts the arm and shows it to the camera.
He enters the competition, shaking hands after his dive.
Between dives, the scoreboard is shown again.
A woman is seen smiling to the camera holding up a blow dryer and various attachments.
A young man wearing a white shirt and helmet and black pants is holding a skateboard in his hands as he walks.
Two people walk past him as he continues to skateboard.
She begins jumping in front of a table of judges.
She hops, spins, and flips with the rope.
We see people in a field holding flags.
We see an empty metal tank.
We see the people in the woods again.
We see inside the tank.
A man kneels down by a tree in a yard.
A person runs and jumps wearing bouncing shoes, and a man make a surprised face.
People wearing bouncing shoes bounce and jumps in a gym, a presenter talks and also tries the bouncing shoes.
Then, men flip over wearing bouncing shoes, after a man plays basketball wearing bouncing shoes in a gym.
A woman walks out onto the grass.
He takes a yellow rag and cleans the sink and faucet.
A man is seen hosting a news segment and speaking to the camera.
We see a boy using jumpstilts on a residential street.
The marching band pass on front a carnival and a green field.
An old man holding a trophy walks on front the marching band.
An intro is shown with a drink being poured into a glass and a caption about drink mixing.
She tops it off with a bit of sour mix and cherries, as well as a straw.
Two men with a referee in the middle appear on a stage and they are in an intense arm wrestling match.
men are standing in a large green field playing lacrosse.
A boy pulls a string of a home fitness machine while talking.
A camera pans around a set of stairs and leads into people working out in a class.
She applies the tool smoothly, making sure to repeel and correct any mistakes as she goes along.
A small group of people are seen standing around a field that leads into a game of kickball.
An athletic man wearing a track suit and a bib number 171 is walking on a track and warming himself up.
A man is riding a rowing machine in a gym.
A person celebrates and raises their hands.
Many people are gathered at the finish line of a marathon, waiting for the runners to come in.
More and more men keep running in little by little.
People are riding bikes down the street.
The crashed rider crawls on the ground and is helped by another.
More people are seen drumming on the side while the people continue to play with cups.
A young man is sitting in a chair with his head down shaving his leg with an electric razor.
The man stops and cleans out the razor.
The man then begins walking and throws the frisbee for the dog to catch.
He throws it several time and the dog catches each and every one.
kids are playing beach soccer in a dusty field.
We see meat and cheese on a counter.
The man assembles the sandwich.
A teen grabs the ball in the air and throws to another girl.
A man pushes a puck along several times while others do the same behind him.
We see the man jump at 7'2 and we see the replay.
We see the man jump at 8'3 using a springboard and we see the replay.
More shots are shown of women in various angles rubbing lotion all over their bodies and looking off into the distance seductively.
A large mat is seen with a bar on top and two people watching on the sides.
A man is then seen running in from the side.
The words "How to Fly a Kite With No Wind" appear on a black screen.
The man puts together a rainbow colored kite with long yellow tails.
A kid in a yellow coat is smiling at the camera.
A boy in a green jacket is scraping the ice off of another car.
A person plays bagpipes on the streets as people pass by.
Then she continues twisting her legs and does another side flips by twisting her body.
Then, the sumos push each other while the woman watch them.
After, a  sumo falls on the ground heavily, then he stands.
A man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products.
The man shows a hair brush.
The woman proceeds to dry her own hair.
There's a woman dressed in a beige sweater demonstrating how to wrap Christmas gifts.
She folds the paper evenly to cover the entire box.
A boy paddles a boat.
The credits of the video are shown.
The camera is lowered and covered by a hand.
A man is shown doing a jump in slow motion on a track several times back to back.
A girl is lighting a cigarette and blowing smoke.
She makes faces at the camera.
A man takes a hula hoop and describes it before cutting back to the woman.
A man is seen bending over a block of wood and sanding it own.
He continues playing the accordian for the camera.
A person is shown looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools.
He finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
A man in shorts is shown in front of some bushes and is trimming them with a manual trimmer.
woman is behind playground holding a bag and watching the kids.
Several people are seen jumping roping with one another as well as on their own as others watch on the side.
They get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.
The people in the water climb back in and finally put themselves in a canoe.
The surfer flings his board against a wave, flying high into the air.
The surfer lands back on the waters and resumes his surf.
A woman is doing kickboxing in front of a mirrored wall.
She high kicks her legs into the air.
She alternates the kicks with punches.
An older boy and a younger one are on a racquetball court.
A player makes a diving catch in the outfield.
A  man is seen kneeling down next to a car while speaking to the camera.
The camera pans all around the car as well as the tire while the man continues to speak to the camera.
He scrubs them with a cloth, wiping them clean.
A group of men plays soccer in a sand area.
cake mix is beat with a mixer, the woman keeps talking and mixing the cake.
oil is in a pot.
A black and white video shows two people in a bedroom, playing guitars.
A group of runners walk down a dirt path.
The elevator door opens and several people enter the elevator.
A group of people are seen huddled around and leads into a group of them riding down a river with one man's help.
Finally a picture of them all together in shown in the end.
Pictures of the man are being shown.
The man continues snowblowing before talking to the camera.
The man finishes the weld and the seam is seen glowing red hot.
A man taps the finished welled with a metal file.
men is holding a bucket and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it.
She hands the container back to the woman who turns to speak to the camera.
A man is wearing a yellow vest.
He shows the object to the camera and begins peeling it out into a bowl.
The person then cuts up the food and continues peeling more into a pot.
A camera shows a person's feet riding down a snow mountain while spinning around in circles.
The person continues spinning down the hill while a large crowd watches on the side and a young boy jumps up at the bottom.
Some of them cheer at the end.
A man is shown doing several different long jumps back to back while the camera captures him.
He is standing in a forest, making slow and graceful yoga moves.
Then they started hand washing the car using their hands and a towel.
The lady then speaks to the camera.
A yellow bus rides past the man.
The man sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin.
After showing the materials, the teacher touches the student to show perfect form.
This young woman is dancing with the baton in her hands.
When she''s done, the music stops playing and a few people clap for her performance.
He is paddling from side to side.
The man shovels a long path of snow.
The man shovels snow for a third time.
A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl.
A man in field hockey goal gear stands in the center of a semi circle formed by young people dressed in field hockey attire.
A view of a leaf blower lays on the ground in a yard.
The leaf blower blows brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower.
A young man is seen holding his eye open in front of a mirror and attempting to put a contact lens in.
then she adds some milk and cheese to it and stirs it in with the cooked pasta.
He moves the stump and tries to chop it again.
A person hangs onto the handles of a kite flying overhead.
An athlete performs hammer Throw by spins a heavy ball several times with his body.
The scene moves to a playground and the boys begin going down the slide.
An exercise instructor is explaining the step.
She goes in front of it and shows more exercises, stepping up and down and raising her arms as she steps.
She stops and explains more.
She stops for moment and shows the fast step again.
Then, the man turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min.
After, the man drains the pasta in the sink.
The person then begins hitting the ball with the racket and walking around.
They are also shown jamming out in a session with several people dancing around and having a good time.
The credits of the clips are shown.
She dries and cuts some cucumbers to put in a bowl of salad.
She puts more dressing on the salad.
A woman behind her pours seasoning onto the salad.
We see a persons hand on the camera.
She shows us her brush again.
He performs a routine swinging around and around while hundreds of people watch.
A group of people are in the field playing a game running all around.
He then brushes more and ends by rinsing his mouth out with mouth wash and showing off the sink.
A guy type walks on a rope while holding a selfie stick recording him self.
guy's also bounce and do tricks on a pink type rope as well.
The camera zooms in on the younger girl and watches her rake up the leaves.
Then throw the grass they cut back behind them.
Everyone is running after each other trying to make the goal.
The man is surfing on the waves and fall in the water.
The man is surfing while other surfers are behind him.
Very large sumos start walking on the field with their own soccer ball in hand, and the soccer men approach them and the sumo points over to the PEPSI cooler filled with soda.
The men and sumos begin a soccer game against one another and when a man tries to make a goal a sumo blocks the entire goal and in various other moves the sumo wins including a goal when a sumo fell and the soccer ball flew into the net.
The man demonstrates how to properly hit the ball and move his body around and still hitting the ball.
There's a welder in a blue shirt wearing a yellow protective helmet, welding a large metal pipe in a workshop.
She uses the brush to brush her teeth.
The logo "theksiny on skin" and "The #1 Way to Not Get a Cold or Flu" is shown on screen.
A man is seen putting objects onto a wall and place a board along the wall.
The man removes the shoes from the table.
The woman and the man arm wrestle.
More people perform tricks and one fall off the side, immediately climbing back on.
The lady is outside shoveling the snow and talking.
We see articles online about shoveling.
The man continues speaking and leads into him playing an instrument.
He pauses his playing to hold up his hand while playing again and then stopping.
The walrus is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer.
The two people paddle from the left and pass a line of bushes in front of a mountain.
The man releases the hammer and lowers his arms.
Two people are standing by the water one of the grabs some board.
A tall Black male is standing outside clapping trying to gain the crowds participation.
The girls continue putting items on the tree and end by smiling to the camera.
A woman is hosting a beer pong tournament, and the two men go over to the table.
They drink and try to throw the balls into the cups.
The man shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down.
The woman is talking to the camera pointing at a hair dryer.
A man is sitting with a surgical mask on.
A person named Chad wearing a black and gray jacket is standing next to a Christmas tree and giving a tutorial on how to decorate it.
He takes a red garland and demonstrates how to wrap it around the tree.
He then takes some red and gold ornaments and shows how to place them on the tree.
the guy then squeezes three half limes into the cup and push the three lime to the bottom of the cup with the metal tool he use to stir the drink.
He puts tobacco in a device and covers it with tin foil.
woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera and showing ingredients on top of table.
woman is pouring the ingredients inside a kitchen aid and mixing them and explaining to the camera how to do the paste.
A toddler iron a garment on a toy board.
He then goes down a winding road and comes down skateboarding and the picture is still until he slides into a trick and then it is paused again.
Once he is completely finished, he goes back to where he originally started and keeps talking to the camera as he holds his skateboard in his left hand.
After, the man turns around and shows how his brown cargo shorts are patched up with duct tape.
A close up of a person putting on a rack is shown followed by several women lifting up large amounts of weight.
Several people are seen sitting outside at a picnic table and leads into two people tying a rope around a tree.
A man and woman news reporter are sitting in front of a tv screen as they talk.
A group of children are swinging together on a piece of equipment.
A reporter interview two boys and a little boy.
Then, the big boys and the small boys play soccer table while the reporter continue the interview.
A woman puts a harness on.
He ties the rope into a knot.
A person stands by a river.
A person holds their paddle over their head.
A man is kayaking on water and moving his arms back and fourth quickly.
A hand paints a wardrobe white with a paintbrush.
A person's arms are seen moving back and fourth in the water controlling a kayak under some tombs sticking out of the water.
The cookies are baked and ready to frost with sprinkles and frosting.
A polished hands takes a piece of tape.
The hand paints turquoise polish on the tape.
The hand cuts the the polished tape in strips.
The hand puts the strip on a polished nail.
A man jumps off a diving board into a pool several times.
We see a lady sitting at a table with shoes and supplies talking to the camera.
The lady then wipes the product off with a towel.
A man holding a long snow removing brush approaches a car and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms.
We see the dealer give the man chips and the man stands in his group showing his friends his stack of chips.
We see a man toss another man over his back.
A boat is seen riding along the water with a person riding on skis behind.
A woman is seen squeezing lotion out of a bottle onto her skin and rubbing it into her arms.
More pictures are shown on the screen of people and lotions as well as steps on how to use it properly.
We see a young man speaking in a news studio.
The groomer sprays the brown dog.
The dog runs around the shop.
An intro leads into several shots of water steaming and a young woman swimming back and fourth in the water.
The man continues to pan around the snowy area and watch the men work from behind.
A logo fro a company pops up on a black screen.
Other kayakers are shown battling through waves and riding them.
A set of photos show the kayakers navigating the ocean and crashing into waves.
A rough ocean has large white capped waves and a sailboat traversing through it.
A woman sits at a piano and plays in front of a small audience.
The camera captures the reaction of the members of the audience.
A man pass on front the ping pong table and stand near the table.
Bullfighting is being advertised on the screen.
The bull rolls a barrel while the clown is behind it.
A trophy is awarded to the bull fighter.
The woman returns to cleaning the window.
Once the first game is finished,another set of men begin to compete and starts to clip the ball over the people.
Finally,a man appears with a Nokia phone recording the game and shows video options of different tricks that were performed.
A player holding a basketball dribbles the ball, run and jump to throw the ball in the basket several times.
He then spins and flips several times.
The boy hugs the woman who was trying to distract him the whole time, he puts his stick down, and she hugs him again.
Different species of flowers are seen.
The group rides through loose sand and the horses kick it up into the air.
A man in a neon coat is driving a car with the camera on a stick outside the window.
They water ski on the frozen water path.
A person cleans an extremely dirty sink with a paper towel.
A young man in white runs on the stage dancing.
A man with a microphone talks to the young kid.
A yellow cloth, yellow and green sponge, and a cif creme cleaner is placed on the counter next to a shallow sink with silver drainer.
A young boy stands outside, without a shirt, barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop.
She is seen walking out after a performance to see a room filled with people and do a press conference.
The man momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position again.
He played tennis ball with another person.
A man explains a procedure holdings cloths and cleaning materials while showing the cloths.
We see an opening title screen.
The lady puts salt it the water and dips the brush then brushes the shoe.
The lady wipes the shoe with the towel and talks to the camera.
There's a shirtless man wearing denim jeans out in a forest.
A small group of people are seen standing around a table filled with solo cups and one catching a cup.
The man then drinks from a cup and proceeds to collapse onto the table.
He does several tricks on his rollerblades.
The man writes on the wall again.
He begins to apply product.
Next he measures and levels the wall.
He takes out the product and begins placing a coat on the crack in the wall.
He then takes a roller and rolls it along the wall.
Next he hangs and apply s a white sheet to the wall.
He repeats the process in the different sections of the wall that need it.
Now He writes on the wall again.
Lettering appears on the screen for the product.
Several people float down a river in tubes.
Individuals are using dance moves to exercise using the platform.
The lady who had been instructing the group continuously claps her hands and begins to leave.
A girl holds up a white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink.
The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color.
The girl appears again holding up the white paper, runs out of the room and the screen goes back to black with just the pumpkin illuminating.
A large man is seen standing on a large mat walking forward and screaming to the audience.
man is sitting in a room playing salsa music with the bongos.
Several more clips are shown of people riding on the wake boards on the ocean waves gliding along.
He begins to break dance.
Several clips of men break dancing in different venues are shown, as they flip, spin, and perform for crowds.
There two men dressed Scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard.
Then, the man continue rafting in the river, and a man falls in the water and his friends rescue him, then they continue rafting.
The kite is in the air flying.
A man and a little girl and a boy are flying the kite and holding the base of it.
A little girl throws something on the ground.
The man dries it off with a rag in the end.
A car drives into a car wash bay.
The driver gets out and inserts money into a machine.
Another man walks up with a bucket and helps the man paint while the cameraman continues to look around.
A car is traveling through snow covered roads and trees before arriving at a cabin.
He starts chopping weeds down in a field.
He runs and jumps again, this time they show it again in slow motion.
He just keeps practicing his run and jump over and over trying to get it perfect.
The woman continues to play the instrument and ends by turning off the camera.
The front man turns around to the men behind him.
The man in front grabs the microphone.
The band finishes playing their instruments.
A man and woman remove an attachment from a cable and attach another.
Two people enter with a chair and bucket.
A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking.
People are playing a game of indoor soccer.
A man in a white jacket is talking to the camera.
He runs, taking very large strides.
He jumps awkwardly into the sand, landing on his face.
A skateboarder in a green hoodie skates on a narrow dirt trail lined with trees.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while peeling potatoes and looking to the camera.
The man takes the stick and pushes pucks around the ground.
A person is turning on a machine and watching a hose grow bigger while he spins the dial.
A young girl is sitting in an empty bath tub shaving a man's leg that is thrown over the tub.
There are two students, a boy and a girl in a pole vault runway.
A lady hula hoop with five hula hoops and one by one she takes on off of her and tosses it until she tossed away all five hula hoops she was hula hooping with.
finally she manages to twirl all the hula hoop around her hole body and finishes with the hula hoops on the ground and she bows to the people who is watching her.
Next,a man with average sized curly black hair dressed in a suit begins to talk.
He stops for a bit and then resumes playing the drum set.
Then he stops and gets up to turn off the camera.
A shirtless man talks in a gym.
A graphic logo is seen that is black and white in color with the letter "N".
A large group of fans crowds on a baseball field and surrounds a famous singer doing a performance.
The credits role with some praise.
A man is outside on a track.
The woman is talking to the camera and showing the ground covered with snow.
The man is standing next to the van and began scooping off the snow on the roof of the car, while the other person is using a broom to get the snow off the car.
A man is shown speaking to the camera excitedly and shows several shots of the man climbing a rock wall and various locations.
We see kids riding dirt bikes.
A large parade of people marching down a street is shown with several hundred people watching on the side.
A young woman is seen looking to the camera smoking a cigarette and laughing to the camera.
The man cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree.
A man holding a cat sits down on the chair.
The man strokes the cat's head.
A young child is seen climbing into a slide and edging her way closer to the edge.
In her left hand,she has a wheel of paint and begins to make stokes on the image to complete her picture.
A man shovels snow from a driveway.
She also has a paper towel in her other hand which she uses to wipe the table.
The man turns and faces left.
The screen then fades to black.
A man takes off his shirt.
He does several flips in the air.
A camera pans around a fenced in area and leads into a man and his dog performing tricks with a frisbee.
A surfer walks down towards the beach.
A woman is seen looking off in the distance who holds onto a harmonica.
Two teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people.
Again, the team gets in the water, and then the reporter broadcast from a studio set.
Another snowboarder sharply slides down a steep hill to the base.
Another snowboarder flies down the hill, expertly cutting left and right.
A girl demonstrates playing an acoustic guitar using her hands to create percussion noise on the body of the guitar.
The girl uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar.
We see scene of a bullfighting with matadors in the ring and see them stabbing the bulls.
Words go across the screen about torturing the bulls.
We then see a PETA ending screen.
A man moves a glass bowl off the counter.
We a man washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder.
The other man pretends to wash dishes then washes his hands.
One of the guys hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
They are playing a really good game, one of the girl lands right on her stomach.
woman grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it in a cup.
The woman surfer jumps up high as the sailboat sails in the water.
A person throws a frisbee as a dog catches them.
We see a title screen.
A little boy runs fast to his swing set and his dog runs after him.
They play for a while going from one part of the set to the next.
A man in a green shirt mocks a cop and people laugh and clap.
A woman wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move.
The ballet instructor shimmies across the floor taking small little side steps.
The girls throw the suds in each other's faces.
They begin to wash the dishes.
a sea is shown with a green forest on seashore.
blond man is standing in seashore and talking to the camera and surfing big waves on the sea.
man is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a stick.
He them demonstrates how to hit the ball properly while still speaking.
The woman grabs several items of clothing and shows how she washes them in the sink.
First the woman grabs some dishes to prepare something and puts them into a refrigerator.
She then holds  a cup  under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it's filled up.
She then tops it with crushed graham bears.
she puts the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste.
A woman and a boy are making victory sign and smiling.
A girl stands in place facing a lady.
A pink and yellow logo with lips appears on screen.
He pushes the wax into a sander and begins using it on a ski board.
man is interviewing an old woman in the sreet.
A man with shaving cream on his beard starts shaving.
He wipes his face with a towel and smiles.
A young girl has her hair pulled back and glasses on as someone marks here cartilage.
More people are shown running down the track performing impressive jumps as well as celebrating afterwards.
A view is seen of people in the ocean.
We are shown the overgrown yard.
A white truck is seen in a driveway.
We see the cameraman's shadow.
A person People are using leaf blowers.
In introduction with show title and website is seen.
Then, the girl take off the cloth on her eyes and smile.
He demonstrates how to remove the rubber of a tire from the frame and replace it.
The diver stands in one position first to adjust her stance and then gradually steps forward on the diving board.
The player in red hits the ball with a front hand swing and his opponent leaps forward to return the ball.
The player in red runs swiftly across the court to hit the ball back.
They end the game by shaking hands and walk out of the court.
Two girls are seen standing on a gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd.
The balls go to a loop in the ground.
Then, people work out doing stepper workout putting a feet each time.
There's a man in a blue shirt and beige pants sitting in front yard on brown mulch talking about lawn and garden care.
He points to the brown mulch and the shrub near him as he explains the do's and don'ts about lawn care.
Wall paper on a wall is shown.
They run a brush down the front of the paper.
A person is seen putting a weight on followed by a woman lifting a bar up over her head.
He starts cutting down a tree next to him.
A painter demonstrates various art pieces in her studio.
She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly, as she paints a black tree.
Two men in red walk up the bleachers and one stops to talk to someone.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the game are shown and the man speaking to the kids.
They continue to play the accordions with the band behind them.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a car and begins taking a hubcap off.
Finally he puts the hubcap back in place.
He has a weight bar with no weight and he bends over a certain way.
An indoor court is filled with people wearing uniforms and playing dodgeball throwing the balls to either side of the team.
The two men shown begin water skiing.
The end of the road appears with the word "Paintball FAILs" above it and pictures of paintball below it.
The words "Friendly Fire" appear.
Contact information for Paint Supply GmbH appears.
There are a few older gentlemen playing a game on ice.
They put on a blue apron and gloves.
two men are riding a water bike in a sea while a big wave is behind them.
a lot of scenes of people surfing on big waves on the sea and a city is in the background.
He continues playing the drums and finishes by hitting the cymbal one last time.
She dives, swimming alongside tropical fish and a nursing shark.
There are many young kids just bouncing up and down on them enjoying the evening.
He runs back and falls onto the lane.
Several people are shown watching in the background while the girls continue to do flexible moves.
the lady then walks away.
We see a bunch of quick shots of teams, then the ending screen.
He lassos a little calf.
He then walks away with his arm in a woman's.
A woman peels a potatoes in a rustic kitchen.
Then, the woman takes another potatoes and peels it with a knife.
Next, the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket.
The boy leans to the side, and the canoe flips over.
The boy swims to the surface of the water.
He is getting ready to get into his hot tub on his deck.
He walks bare foot through the snow to get into his hot tub.
He clears the snow from the deck to create a pathway to the hot tub.
Several shots of people on the beach are shown and leads into people playing various sports on the beach.
The people play back and fourth while others interview and many watch on the sides.
A person is pole volting over a beam followed by several more clips of people jumping.
The man walks up and down, straight across the yard as he mows the lawn.
There are several people dressed in safety vests and helmets sailing in a speed boat to go tubing in water.
They get onto the yellow tubes and float along the water.
A man is shown speaking to the camera then kneels down and presses carpet down with a tool.
Then, the woman lie on the bed and brush her hair on the border of the bed.
He expresses pain as he gets off the pool and his coach comes to help him.
Another historic diving event is shown where the diver accidentally hurts his head on the diving board while diving into the pool.
A small group of people are seen standing inside a fenced in area with a man sitting on a horse.
Several kids are jumping up and down.
A man in a blue shirt is walking in front of them.
Four people appear near a railing where they are all attached to harnesses.
A blue screen appears that say's "no" but the woman and the man do let go and they go zip lining across the heavily tree green forest below and a blue screen appears again and say's "I Think She Said Yes?".
The blue outro appears and the words "Sentosa MegaZip November 2010 The End" are displayed.
The boy comes along and starts flipping and doing a variation of the robot.
He then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
He then comes back to the camera and explains what he did.
The girl then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch.
A group of dancers in colorful costumes do an dance act with hula hoops.
Video footage is then shown of her running alongside a large group of people while many watch on the sides.
More pictures are shown of her finishing the race as well as others.
The camera changes like a box spinning.
The game intensifies and the man on the right misses the ball and the man congratulates himself.
A large group of people are seen running around a field playing a game of lacrosse with one another.
An animation of a knife stabs the pumpkin and a cat runs back and forth next to the table.
The woman holds a knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew.
The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup.
The woman cleans up the face of the jack-o-lantern with a towel and places the top with the stem back on.
The woman flicks on a disposable lighter.
man is sitting in a handwash and another man enters in the bathrrom and start a conversation.
man is spreading toothpaste in toothbrush and wash their tooth.
A man, wearing only work out shorts, wipes sweat from his brown and leans against a wall.
A group of female in a big studio are wearing black, they are in a formation, then the man in black vest and white pants walked at the center.
The instructors continue to dance and amp up the other teams to dance and they end by clapping it off together.
A man is lying on his back on a tile floor.
A man is sitting in a barber chair.
He blow dries his hair and styles it.
He puts some gel in his hair.
More clips are shown of people walking along the rope as well as more landscapes.
He then blow dries his hair.
Several men in the circle play an instrument.
A hair dresser is cutting a mans hair, starting at the top.
A person stands on a mat.
They land on their back on a mat.
A person is seen riding around on a lawn mower cutting the grass in a large field.
A man in a white shirt and red shorts lays down and puts his feet in the air.
A woman stands by watching a chef removing leaves from a piece of lettuce.
The chef and the woman have a long conversation regarding the lettuce.
A man walks up and talks to the woman.
The little girl points at the camera.
The man pushes the little girl on the swing.
Two darts, one red, one green hit the board.
We change angle and two more darts hit the board.
Another man walks into frame and hula hoops with the man while still looking at the camera.
He blows the smoke out and the first man is still seen speaking to the camera.
A guy explains that he will clean the spikes while showing the dirt on the spikes.
He takes them out of the sink and puts some newspaper inside the shows to help them dry.
He kicks his feet back and forth getting pretty high.
He just enjoys his time swinging back and forth outside enjoying the day.
We see the ending title screen.
He expresses severe pain as he tries to pierce his ear lobe.
He then tries a rubber mallet to force the earring in.
Two people are seen fixing up a car and changing the tires on a vehicle.
Another man walks into frame as well as several others recording the incident.
woman in the middle is irritated and stands and remove the rolls for th head and sits again and laugh a lot.
There is a room full of people watching him.
A close up of food is shown followed by two women speaking to the camera and presenting various ingredients.
The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl.
He then swings the axe the bark breaking it in half, followed by him yelling into the air.
A woman sits on the floor next a  vacuum.
People are snowboarding down a large hill of snow.
The people get to the bottom and start taking their snowboards off.
A female news woman is talking to the camera in a news room.
He then axes the log on the ground and breaks it into two.
Then, he continues explaining showing how to hit the ball on the wall.
A bike is seen outside a building.
Two people are seen riding behind the jet ski and continuing to move along the water.
More people are seen on the sides dancing to the music.
They then stop and do a series of Rock,Paper,Scissors.
We see a titles screen.
The lady paints her finger nails blue.
The lady adds a top coat of clear polish.
This woman is shown playing the black harmonica.
Several kites fly in the sky.
A man holds a kite string pool while flying a kite.
He then puts plaster along the metal and rubs the sander all over the wall while still looking back to the camera.
A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point.
A man standing in a yard talks to the camera about his yard.
The man motions he had across the yard.
The man stops and shows the electrical cord on his mower.
The man is talking to the camera again.
She then takes the horse into a light trot as she rides.
A group of runners are on a street, and a boston marathoner who has broken a record is shown talking in an interview after celebrating.
The runners are shown as a group, as men dressed as british solders enact a play for the crowds.
A man in peach sweater is skateboarding and then fell on the ground.
A man in black shirt skateboard down the wide road and fell on the side of the road, the man showed his bleeding cuts in front of the camera.
Two boys are seen hitting a ball into the net.
Then we see a game on a field with men hitting balls with nets into the goal.
The camera returns to the man in blue being interviewed, with short cheerleader action sequences.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of people speaking and wearing heels.
After her mouth is empty,she shows off a bottle of Crest mouthwash.
A woman plays catch with the dog throwing a Frisbee in a grassy park.
A group of people are running down a road with various people cheering and clapping on the sides.
They are putting fake fingernails on them.
They begin painting the nails.
Their last of their workouts seem to be a compilation of everything they have been doing thus far and they are varying their movements within it.
The camera pans over background scenery.
One of the individuals tends to his skateboard.
The four individuals engage in more skateboarding down the slope.
One of the individuals is again shown tending to his skateboard.
A kid is sitting on the bed and waves to the camera.
Finally he gets it to stay and he gives the camera close up and some moves.
The girls continue jumping and flipping around the area while the camera continues to capture their movements.
The participants shake each other hands and they both end up walking off.
manis practicing shots with a bow to a board in a large field.
The friend wearing a rope puts out her arms in preparation.
Pole vaulters are shown in a competition.
Some of them make their jumps while others do not.
Groups of people bowl games in a bowling alley.
Several shots are shown of him slapping and kissing girls as well as running around the area to find more people.
A few people are seen standing around various fooseball tables playing games with one another.
Afterwards another young man in a blue shirt repeats the same move as the white team looks on.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as several shots of a bowling alley and him bowling a ball.
He continues speaking to the camera while showing several videos of him throwing the bowling ball and hitting several pins.
The girl misses a monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground.
A lady explains drinks and the mixing of them,she grabs a cup with ice and add some liquor to it by using a shot glass to get the right measurement.
As he is talking,several clips appear in between him where he is in a room with three walls and glass as the fourth wall while playing wall ball.
The final scene is shown,and the male comes back talking before finally flashing a url at then end.
The lady puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them.
She takes a paper and drys her hands.
A man taps the top of a piano with a stick and talks to a large band sitting in front of him.
A large audience watches from near by.
People are standing in a circle clapping.
There is a crowd listening to them.
The band name is on the back of their shirts.
A woman is doing a gymnastics routine on uneven bars.
He pulls a bar in front of him and starts working out.
The Duggar mom and a little girl walks up to another woman at a horse ranch and the words on the bottom left say the woman's name is Morgan Brown and she's the Equestrian Instructor.
In between interviews they show the Duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several people holding and shooting bows.
Multiple pictures flash across the screen.
man is standing in an icetrack talking to the camera.
Several shots are shown of people printing off paper as well as paper close up.
The man begins talking to another male who has a red wrap on his head.
There is a group of men standing around them watching them.
A person in a white shirt is talking.
We see a man preparing to get in a kayak.
We see a mountain near the river.
We see the kayak overturned and we then see the river running.
We see a man walking in a parking lot.
The man finishes, grabs his shirt, and walks off.
An individual  rides on an inner tube down a river with rocks in it.
We see two opening screens for poker at a casino.
We see the dealer shuffle the cards.
We see an opening title scene.
Intro leads into A man mopping up dirt on a floor and showing the tools afterwards.
A 3d mop shows how it works with a woman also moping up things on her floor.
Next the blue team scores another one again and the crowd goes wild.
The woman continues uses the water and begins scrubbing down a shirt and stepping in the buckets.
a man is driving a car through a window.
He is shown driving, walking, and riding horses as he explores the area.
A woman in a black shirt is standing under her watching.
Then, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times.
He swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
Kids are shown close up at the end.
She wipes the sink with a paper towel.
She spins this around herself several times then begins swinging herself around.
He starts moving some dirt next to a tree with his hand.
Close ups of her feet are shown as well as several other angles of her running.
She begins to twirl and sway her hair with her back to the camera and that is when the video ends.
She spits out the mixture and shows off pictures in the end.
An opposing player hits the ball.
The teammate spikes it over the net.
Her teammate throws the ball over the net to the opposing team.
The opposing player hits the ball towards her teammate.
A woman is wearing a towel and standing next to a bath tub.
A small group of people are seen taking a spin class together that leads into a man speaking to the camera.
A man and a woman are sitting down talking on a bench in front of a wall with several rims.
A girl walks in from the side and begins stomping in the room.
We see people floating in a lake in purple rafts.
People are riding in sail boats on the water.
The group cuts hedges along the side as well as throw them into a bucket and help the older man.
The kids continue to help the other man by gathering leaves as he pushing them back towards the front.
A woman is sitting bent over and washing her laundry by hand in a bowl.
She washes and washes and throws them in the dry bucket when she is done.
He knocks over the man and is dragged away, followed by his clip being shown again.
A swimmer swims inside of a pool.
Once selected,the pictures move to the top corners of the screen and two people dressed in sumo uniforms stand in the middle of a round-about and begin fighting as cars travel around them.
He flames the shoe with the flame canister.
He then flames the shoe some more.
A man is mowing the lawn on a yard and laughing and making jokes with friends that are watching.
The woman then pierces the girl's ear.
A man with no hands grabs a dart that is stuck to the board and walks backward.
A large group of people are seen playing a game of tug of war with other people walking around.
The boats are seen floating through the water.
The man continuously climbs up the rock while looking around and finally makes it to the top while the camera pans around.
A person plays tam-tam using three instruments.
Other man plays the drums using two sticks.
A man gets on his bike.
He hooks the air pump up to the tire.
He pumps a pump and then fills it with water.
He puts the tire back on the wheel.
She boils noodles into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate.
The two continue to move around the gym practicing their kicks and punches.
The people continuing riding around the dirt court while other stand ready on their bikes and interact with one another.
A glue stick is shown on a table.
man is in a swinging make a kind of somervault on the air.
The woman adjusted the handle of the rake to make it shorter and handed to the girl.
Ones down to play the acoustic guitar.
Then a woman gets on it taking the mans place and she uses the machine.
man is talking to the camera in a news studio and sart talking with a man that is part of a band.
A girl is waving frilly toy.
We see a traffic jam on the right.
The lady in white smiles at the camera.
A man in an athletic uniform begins swinging a ball and a string around.
The video is replayed at various speeds.
We watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball 5 times and get 4 strikes.
We see a man and the intro scene.
The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it.
The man grabs and removes a lemon.
After some more team-flips the team poses and celebrates as the routine ends.
The team is crowned the winners of the competition.
Then he puts it on the side of his lips and the people laugh.
This young woman is  in the studio  playing the piano.
Then the cars get powered on and they are able to get driven.
A woman is in a driveway, doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope.
A view from indoors show a nice ocean view then pans to a man on his knees on the ground as he grouts some tiles and the white words on the screen say "INSTALLING TILES WITH DITRA".
The man is then in a corner of the room and he's applying the mixture onto the floorboards then puts down an orange material.
A screen appears asking to submit footage to the GoPro awards.
We pass a person on the beach.
The rider falls in the water.
We see the sand blowing in the wind.
A girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone.
The girl laughs while trying to eat the ice cream.
The man then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other's watch.
Several tricks are done,and then the dog appears jump roping in the field,they go back to their regular routines and the owner picks up the dog and waves to the crowd.
The video begins with two sumo wrestlers on a sumo stage.
There is a large crowd spectating, and a man in the center of the ring acting as referee.
A man shots an arrow from bow.
The credit of the clip is shown.
An extended hand holding a pen is shown on a split screen.
Credit of the clip is presented.
A man and a child walk in a living room on back the table pool.
A woman walks with a stick next to the men.
They hit the ball back and forth against the wall.
The player runs past the first base.
The he pushes them all down into the water.
The other woman follows her.
A man lifts one of the women and hugs her.
A man is seen standing before a ping pong table and throws a ball off into the distance.
A man takes a drink and leads into the two playing more beer pong.
A young girl in a black blouse and a girl in a white tank top stand in a thatched roof house watching two woman washing clothes Filipino style.
The woman then spits the rinse out in the sink, and proceeds to talk to the camera again.
man is kneeling and wash her face.
Someone makes it and one of the groups in the audience clap.
He then mixes the liquids with the contacts and puts them slowly into his eye while looking at the camera.
A group of people are gathered at an outdoor park.
People are playing soccer in an indoor arena.
Someone is sleeping on a white couch.
They stand up and walk out the door.
A woman is on stage in front of a band.
A man wearing no shirt plays a hand drum.
Two men do a practice karate routine and dodge kicks from the other opponent.
A man displays martial arts moves in a movie clip that shows the man fighting different people in several different locations in a city backdrop.
The girls then perform a routine using batons while spinning and twirling.
She pours more liquid in and presents it to the camera.
The water looks greenish blue as the surfer surfs through big waves.
The surfer continues to surf through tall waves without falling off.
Then, the gymnast jumps, flips but staggers during her performance.
The group continues playing together and ends by walking away.
Four men ride in a convertible car and drive along a desert highway.
The man's friends win a hand and the couple celebrates.
The man is tracked by security personnel and cameras.
The friend playing is gone and the chair is empty.
A couple are in the flowing water of a river.
The men also dance as they sing and play the maracas The lead singer sings solo for some time while the others play their maracas.
The man then takes another shot.
The man makes his final shot.
An intro leads into a woman speaking to the camera while several skiiers ride around her.
The boys continue to play back and fourth while switching places and looking to the camera.
The people then arrive late at night dressed up and posing for pictures.
A band is seen performing on stage while the camera pans around and captures them from several angles.
The camera continues to capture the people riding around the track in slow motion with one person falling and several watching on the sides.
A man sits on a toilet with her leg up.
A person holding a camera walks into the bathroom.
Several others run onto the ring, and the bull flips as they grab his horns and tail.
Then, the person points to two jugs on a table.
Next, the person puts ice in a cup, and then squeeze a lemon using the lemon squeezer, add syrup and water from jugs.
Two young men sled on the road pulled by a car.
Splashes of snow falls on the young men who are covered with snow.
A young man stands from the sled and enters the car and other person takes his place on the sled.
We see a boy in a cap in a room laughing and sitting.
The boy walks on the stage and talks to the judges.
The boy finises dancing and the judges give their feedback.
The boy walks off stage and is interviewed.
A polished hand gestures at the person shaving.
The person lows their head to see under their leg.
A woman is seen bending down in front of a large set of weights and begins lifting it to her shoulders.
Several pictures are shown of a beach and landscapes as well as people walking on the beach.
Several clips are then shown of people riding along the water and surfing the waves.
A man is seen speaking to a woman outside that leads into a game of rock paper scissors.
The girls slaps the man and he continues to play the game with several other girls on the street in various locations.
The dog stops to sniff around and then begins walking again.
The little girl trying to follow closely behind him.
Another woman is seen sitting on a swingset looking to the camera.
A man is sitting on a bull in a gate.
He is then pulled up toward the two men in the boat.
A person is power washing.
chiopped vegetables are in a bowls on top of table.
the ingredients are mixed inside a bowl together with oil, pepper and mayonnaise.
A young woman is practicing on a track and field track, sprinting and high jumping over a high bar and landing on her feet while three men in the background are watching her practice.
The woman jumps again, this time sprinting a little bit faster.
The woman doesn't clear the bar perfectly and it falls off of it's poles.
They continue playing, trying to win the game.
A man appears before several targets on a back wall.
A woman is shown with an archery set.
He teaches us how to mulch a tree properly.
There's a woman dressed in black playing billiards in front of some spectators.
She continues to concentrate and shoots the balls till only one ball is left on the billiards table.
The woman lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out.
The ending credits appear.
We see a person riding a ski lift.
The person reaches the bottom of the slope and looks up.
People dive in the water wearing diving suit, small and big fishes swim near the divers.
The diver kneel on the sea floor waving their hands.
The divers stands and continue swimming in the water.
a man and a woman are grabing the old lady fom the back in a slide.
different people are going down slope holding snowslides with a rope.
They stop and wave to the crowd.
Two woman wave flags around.
She puts her hands up in the air.
Some women are on a boat attempting to figure out how to play shuffleboard.
She continues to attempt make shots and act silly.
She puts down the shuffleboard stick and the video ends.
The camera continues to pan around the beach capturing the person flying a kite and him riding around and holding it.
A mop stands upright next to a bucket.
A person absorbs all the water from a bowl using a mop.
A soiled area of a hardwood floor is mopped clean.
She uses a hula hoop to go in circles.
They are playing hockey against each other.
One team scores a goal.
We see the leaves being blown on the ground.
We see a pipe on the machine.
man is in the kitchen and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water.
A man gets off the bike to look at it.
He removes the tire from the bike.
The man in the red wet suit is leading the way.
A man sits in a room in front of a flag.
The people continue riding around on machines and jumping over obstacles.
A camera pans around the inside of a car looking out showing other cars driving around.
The camera leads into shots of people riding around on camels and leads into shots of people riding on the camels.
Children swings a broom handle at a pinata in a backyard.
A woman runs up and adjusts the pinata.
A young blonde boy is shown in several still images, including several while skiing.
He lands on top of a small hill, falling over.
The young girl jumps down on the platform, smiles and waves.
He swings the stick when another person throws the ball to him and aims it towards the goal.
A small white, medium size Christmas tree is standing in front of two green doors.
The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle.
He returns and continues gragling and laughing.
kids are running in stage and jumping the rope.
He moves all around the animals flowing the air on their fur as the horses move around.
A tether rope rises up on a bar.
Athletes prepare for an event getting poles ready and chalking hands.
Athletes pole vault over a high bar in a competition.
The camera continues to zoom in on her playing the instrument while she intervenes by speaking to the camera.
A man is standing outside of a wall with some sort of machine machine and begins talking.
A group of people are inside a gym.
A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top.
She shows how to section the lady's hair and cuts the hair in a slanting manner.
People are playing a game of volleyball in the sand on the beach.
People are playing drums on the beach.
An suv full of friends drives out of a parking lot and onto a resort.
A young girl who was in the car steps out of the car.
A man pours an egg into a small pan.
A man pole vaults over a rope on a track of a sporting field.
The man just barely makes his body over the rope.
He walks into a car wash, where a green substance is being sprayed on the cars.
The soap is then rinsed away with hoses.
A person is getting their legs waxed on a table.
People stand and talk at a tables.
A person is seen sitting behind a table solving a rubix cube while a timer records her.
People are sitting and driving in a bunch of bumper cards on a track.
They slam and bump into each other, having fun.
A construction worker named Dave begins to show you how to grout.
A woman kneels down and puts eye liner on the girl.
The girl opens her eye and smiles.
A person repairs a bike chain and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking.
After, they continue competing, then the boy wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival.
After, the continue performing arm wrestling and then free again the hands.
He does gymnastics on some equipment.
The person in the red canoe approaches another canoe in the water, this one blue, the red canoe and blue canoe raft through the waters behind one another as the scene fades to black.
People compete bike-cross on a bumpy road.
A boy drinks something from a small cup in a bathroom.
The walk off shore and speak to one another followed by the tubes hung up and the bus parked.
A white Breville toaster is sitting on a counter being plugged.
In front of the toaster, a block of white cream and a banana is sitting on a white plate.
Next they play two more games, one person wins and the shirtless boy loses.
The doctor then holds an object up to the girl's lip.
When they finish, one girl gathers the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes.
They are using a stepper, dancing and jumping on and off the equipment.
"Code of Points 2013-2016" appear briefly.
Clips of Chellsie Memmel performing gymnastics olympic trials are shown.
Various stats from her performance are shown on screen.
First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars.
It shows a quick clip of Sheldon from big bang theory actually doing it.
People are then shown in several shots riding around a track and performing tricks.
The woman plays the violin.
The woman stops playing the violin.
a woman wearing butterflies wings costume playing beerpong.
A nail polish bottle is shown on the screen.
She puts her hand back in the lit up box on the table.
She does another coat of the nail polish.
She lays her hands flat on the table.
We see gymnasts in a gym on each other shoulders.
They then begin an aerobic dance.
A person takes a picture.
The video leads into several shots of people standing on a beach as well as playing in the sand.
Several more pictures are shown of people moving along the beach as well as helping others and shots of the scenery.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of water boiling in a pot.
A man is talking inside a pool gym.
A guy gets ready to lift weight.
The guy lifts the weight.
A small kid walks away from the wall.
They are going down the steep snowy slope at high speed.
One of the people going down the slope raises his hand to his friend as he goes downhill.
Three girls walk past in the background.
An intro leads into several clips of people attempting to fight bulls from many generations.
Several clips are shown of people interacting with the bulls as well as running around and people watching.
A woman is seen kneeling over a bucket on an old tv show.
She is seen washing clothes in the bucket while looking off into the distance.
She sighs to herself in exhaustion and continues washing the clothes when a shot of a washing machine is shown.
The man talks about the three step program and answers frequently asked questions.
The floor is shown along with a person's foot.
Men run down a track and leap backwards over a bar.
A man waves a white flag once the land.
Then, the man puts paint around the window.
The girl begins facing the camera and brushing her teeth, leaning in to the camera at one point before leaning back to continue brushing teeth.
We see number 69 hit the ball.
A camera pans all around a vacuum close up and shows a person's feet.
The person walks around with the vacuum and pushes it along a rug.
More shots are shown of the person using the attachments on the camera as well as showing how it's made.
The video then shows him mowing the lawn in a different location than the first location.
A set of young boys are picture din the water on their backs holding up a green ball and one throws it into the goal.
The outside of the building is shown again and a flash of a car parked outside in the parking lot appears.
Men are doing karate moves in a gym.
The video then shows another man indoors giving a thumbs up, before jumping to two other men performing on a stage.
He continues playing the instrument while looking off into the distance.
People are taking pictures on the boat.
A mans arm is in the foreground.
The cake is complete as a woman's stomach with a baby foot protruding from her dress.
Many shots are shown of people drinking coffee while holding up larger pants and showing off the weight they had lost.
More people are seen speaking to the camera while more products are shown as well as food being presented and a woman showing off her closet.
Two women are seen sitting in a park with one behind the other.
Motorbikes are then shown jumping and doing agility things.
A man gets on a red machine.
Finally the driveway is cleared of the leaves.
We see an opening title screen.
A man carefully washes the side of a car with a sponge.
He then moves along the back of the car washing the spoiler.
A standing Asian woman wearing makeup is talking to a bunch of sitting Asian women who have no make up on their faces.
The Asian woman with the make up claps and then hits a clock that has a 10 second timer.
When she lifts her head up her makeup is perfect and at the same time she pulls her hair out of a ponytail and shakes her hair free.
He demonstrates by hitting the ball back and forth against the wall.
A man and woman biker are standing outside an event.
The man talks to the camera again.
A group of people are standing outside the building, some eating.
He floats and swims with his mother's help.
He blows bubbles, and she removes him from the water.
He stands on the dock again at the end.
A couple are standing on a snowy hillside.
A man walks over to a small red flag.
He pulls up a giant fish he caught.
She talks to the man and moves her hands to follow his movement.
The lady removes the wax paper and proceeds to cut out the the hole tracings of the mouth and eyes that was traced with the punched out holes from the wax paper.
We see a lady performs a baton routine in a arena.
The crowd claps and the lady waves.
Several people sit on the beach.
The kite soars through the sky.
A person pass on front the players.
We see men in roller blades fall then skate down a railing.
A person falls at the bottom of the stairs and then the light is flashing again.
Several different angles are shown as the group of four play before an audience, hitting the ball back and forth quickly.
A young man wearing baseball hat greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her.
The man pushes a pie tin in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy.
A girl in gymnastics class does tumbling down a red mat with team looking on.
A man in Hawaiian shirt sets up a trampoline during a basketball competition.
A group of cheerleaders hold up a woman together in front of the trampoline.
The man comes back running and jumps on the trampoline but knocks the girl over while performing his stunt.
A girl in white shirt talks to the camera.
Men from the basketball team rush over to check on her.
The man holds a  drink up and puts it down.
The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick.
The coach is then interviewed stating what the girls are working on.
A flat screen television is sitting on a stand showing the television show RAW.
On the show,two men are wrestling each over moving on the ground.
People in the audience applaud.
The camera person rides near the parking lot on the right.
A man introduces the basketball concepts of the video to the camera.
He repeats around the court from every angle.
The athlete did cartwheel on the beam as the crowd applauded.
The video continues to show many other gymnasts competing, with the audience cheering after the completion of each performance.
She displays several different swimming styles and moves.
A man is seen sitting in front of a fence sitting on a skateboard and speaking to the camera.
Two men are standing on a basketball goal.
Soccer players take shots.
Man is shoved off of the court.
Man is congratulated for his goal.
Man shakes his hand at the camera.
A man wearing a black hat is talking.
A man is dribbling a basketball on a court.
A man is sitting on a stool while the dog is in front of him, the dog is wearing a red leash.
We see a person in hockey gear skate onto the ice.
We see the puck drop in front of the camera.
The person knocks the goalie to the ground.
People are walking around the basketball court.
As onlookers clap, the squad turns around in unison.
The squad ends their routine and exits the floor.
A tuber goes under a plank with a dog on it.
A man is playing pool behind a blue pool table.
The man and woman continue talking to each other.
The man is now teaching the woman how to shoot the pool ball while standing behind her.
The woman makes the shot and they celebrate with a high five.
The woman lays down on the pool table and he shoots a ball out of her mouth.
The woman continues cutting her hair while others watch and speaks to the camera, followed by the woman straightening the hair and showing it off in slow motion.
An intro leads into a man holding a violin and playing with his hands.
A man is cleaning the soles of his sneakers with the thin, metal end of a hose.
A man mounted on a horse chases after a cow.
The man lights a torch.
The man uses the torch to light the wood in the fire pit.
The man sits by the fire pit, enjoying the warmth.
She hangs upside down from the bars.
A hockey player goes through several routines showing agility warm ups with a hockey stick and puck and drills with tires, small cones.
Another title screen appear with a website just below it.
Once he gets to the bottom,the kayaker turns and the waves continue flowing washing up against the rocks.
The woman uses the arm bars while walking on the aerobic machine.
A person's hand is seen holding a paint brush.
The person's hand is seen again with the paint brush.
The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet.
A stopwatch is shown and a crowd gathers for a game of field hockey.
The documentary features the voice of a former player as archival footage is shown in color.
After that, a famous manager is highlighted and former players talk about him.
A woman in a red short sleeved shirt stands on the sand of a playground and talks facing the camera, while standing next to some monkey bars.
The woman then climbs a wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again.
A drum corp is heard drumming proudly as the cadets march down the street.
The marchers begin waving to the crowd and greeting the onlookers.
Several shots of him speaking are shown and he demonstrates how to properly be a goalie.
Back at home with his troubled family he is eating and day dreaming of dancing as the scene goes back to him dancing.
The gymnast drops the weight to the floor.
The people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep one hand on at all times.
The man stands in the middle applauding the riders and giving the horses direction.
They perform the act and interview some of the cast.
A large yard is shown followed by a young child pushing a lawn mower around.
She continues painting on the nails use several different colors and presents the nail to the camera in the end.
A group of girls look up at an amusement park ride and wave there hands in fear and anticipation.
He vacuums the bottom of the broom.
Once she opens the door,the camera pans many workout machines and the woman begins talking to the program director.
Four guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups.
Guys point at the camera and laugh.
A person is seen drawing on the side of a pumpkin and then leads into cutting out the outlines.
A man slowly walks over and takes some equipment off of the wall as some dramatic music plays.
He sets up the bow and gets his arrows.
Next we see him outdoors as he walks across some grass towards a target.
Four people plays soccer table indoors.
The man looks at his phone while the other then begins piercing his ears.
Finally, the use of cloths by the workers smooths and shines the skis.
The female opens a container of cleaner and puts it on a rag.
The female then uses the rag to rub the inside of the sink.
A woman talks and shows a little bottle.
A woman in a black shirt watches him go by and claps.
He plays in a fast manner without stopping.
The man continues cutting wood while the camera pans to other people in the room and a woman speaking to the camera.
He is once again back in the yard but this time he has the container filled with cut grass and a special effect makes it look like the cut grass is jumping into his container.
The man is very happy about this and he's back in the yard celebrating by jumping and mowing the yard a little more.
We see a man talking in a bike ship.
The man puts the handlebars back on.
The man in orange talks to the camera again.
Both men demonstrate passing the lacrosse ball against the wall.
The man in orange talks to the camera a final time.
She is shown painting various furniture as well as showing it off in the end.
A teen sits in a chair talking.
The boy stands and we see him bouncing on a slackline in various locations.
An older looking video begins and two different men are throwing darts at a dartboard.
Olive oil goes into the pan with the garlic, red pepper, parsley, white wine, basil, salt, and clam juice to simmer, and the clams are added to the mixture at the end.
We see the water spraying on the left.
The man jumps over to the right.
Various ingredients are laid out on a table and leads into a person pouring the ingredients into a bowl.
The weights are shown on each side.
Once the camera is sin position,a man is shown with a steel mask on as he beats a piece on a concrete.
A woman in a belly dancer outfit is on stage.
She walks down the lane while dancing and singing.
A man is buffing down his skis in a garage.
He changes position to give himself more leverage as he buffs.
He moves the shis to another location when he is done.
A large group of athletes are seen standing around a track while some holding their arms up to clap.
He then does it again for one last time.
She breathes in deeply and starts to run really fast down the field.
The man lifts his hands up in the air and starts to stop his roller blades.
Men are running along the edge of the court.
A small group is having an animated discussion.
We then see a man playing a piano.
The camera moves around the man's back.
The man then looks up and speaks.
The man goes all the way down the scale than back up at the end of the song.
Finally the person vacuums up the carpet and is seen standing next to the vacuum.
A young child is seen adjusting the camera and showing off her face.
The man jumps at the end of the track.
A man talks to the camera and laughs.
The third person is paused.
The farthest person is barely visible.
A man is standing over a sink and with his right hand he's holding a drill that has a potato attached to the end of it, and the right hand is holding the hand peeler as the drill moves the potato and the peeler peels it.
The man then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato.
The man stops the drill for the last time,lets it go and cleans the peeler once more with both hands as he throws the contents into the sink and.
The woman does a belly dancing routine on the stage.
The man young man warms up and does a one handed handstand.
End credits are shown with names written in cursive.
He is cutting up cheese and adding ham to the sandwich.
Two men are in a small gym boxing and fighting one another.
A young boy plays the harmonica on the street.
A woman is bathing a white and brown puppy dog in a bathtub.
Social media hashtags on are shown on screen.
A camera pans out on a man's back followed by a man performing a flipping dive into a pool.
A man is doing a rubiks cube behind a table.
A blond woman is sitting on a bed in a hotel room videotaping her self in a mirror with a white phone and talking to the camera.
The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers.
A large group of people are seen standing in a circle playing drums with one person in the middle instructing them.
The camera pans around the group playing drums while people them on the side.
The man gives high fives to his team mates.
A young man clips the hair of several older men in an outdoor barber chair.
The man is seen again cutting a mans hair in the outdoor barber chair.
He blends the drink together.
They then rinse the cars and wipe them clean.
The final product is shown as a clean, shiny italian car.
The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices.
The man demonstrating the Kleva Sharpener, he sharpens a garden clipper and slices a carrot.
The Kleva Sharpener is mounted on the refrigerator on a wall and on the table.
A woman is speaking while standing next to an elliptical trainer.
The mechanics of the elliptical machine are shown.
A man is shown on a bike riding across the snow.
The young lady put a towel on front her face.
Several views are shown of a machine from different angles.
The car stops at an intersection.
The man drives into a car wash and gets out.
The lady in the black tank top uses the blow drier while combing the hair with a brush.
Scenes of the finished product showing side views and back vies of the models hair.
The two men competes paper, scissors and rock on front a judge.
man is sitting on a seat of the car watching by the window.
man is snowboarding on snowy slope making high jumps.
An intro leads into a fox news segment with two anchors speaking.
A woman is then interviewed followed by several pictures of mushrooms and people speaking with one another.
We see an opening screen on white.
We see an illustration of a thermometer.
A woman and her child are outside of a cabin sitting on a wooden table talking to one another.
A man is seen standing in front of a chalk board holding a musical instrument and transitioning to the chalk board every now and then.
The young people where standing in a triangle form, the young man at the center start to perform by having his arms up then jump and do it again and some of the girls followed what he is doing.
She finishes and lowers the violin.
Many people are watching the interview and one man speaks to a woman angrily.
The camera pans around a large group of people holding bows and arrows followed by several shots of them shooting the arrows.
Then the players demonstrate another drill as they shuffle on the tennis court in between shots and returning the balls.
The player bounces the ball back with the tip of the racquet handle.
The person peels several potatoes and shows of a bowl full of potatoes while peeling even more.
He throws the javelin as far as he can, repeating multiple times.
Three people are seen flying a kite in a field and text appears on the screen.
A buff man steps into a circle and puts the shot put on this shoulder.
He jumps off the bridge and bungee jumps over a body of water.
A woman and several others follow, doing the same.
The man begins on the beam upside down.
The video ends as he performs a final flip and hops off the beam.
The woman puts a ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera.
A male and a female move back and forth.
They are in a room with large mirrors on a wall and hardwood floors.
A professional tennis match is played during a tournament.
A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen.
An intro leads into a woman talking to a class sitting on bicycles and beginning to ride.
A man in a black vest is standing in a room.
Two teams are on the field playa game trying to score.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding up various mops and presenting them to the camera.
She continues speaking while holding up the mops as well as taking them apart and showing how they work.
A man is measuring another mans arm length.
The man measures the length of the weight bar.
A girl in a ponytail is speaking.
The girl with her hair down is speaking in a bathroom and places her hand on the sink.
The girl turns on the faucet to wet her toothbrush.
A large wave is crashing toward the shore.
She then rinses and dries them.
The players are holding a flat bat and running towards the balls.
The players bounced the balls on the bat, some of them picked up the balls from the ground using the bat.
Two girls walked normally without chasing the balls.
A girl on the field is trying to pick up the ball.
Horse back riding is considered to be a sport, a fun one but still work.
A small group of people are seen pushing a ball along the water and scoring into the goal.
A man is standing outside under a tent hitting a pinata with a stick.
After about three strings,he moves and gives the stick to a  young girl with a grey and black dress on.
Once she has the stick,she is hitting in the wrong direction and then is redirected towards the pinata and still ends up missing it.
The old lady in purple continues to swing the boy, while the old lady in pink top stood and rest her back on the red bar of the swing.
The lady in pink top came in front of the other boy with white shirt, and talked to him, started to push him on the swing, give him a kiss and continue to swing him from the side of the swing.
He throws darts at a board, trying to hit the target while the crowd claps.
The kids continue taking turns while running up and down the path on the boat.
A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it.
The person washes the dog with their hands.
She picks up the clothing and sets it next to her.
People are water skiing in the water.
A man combs a dogs hair straight up.
`A cookie is shown on a plate.
Ingredients are being added to a glass bowl and being mixed together.
The dough is flattened out onto a cookie sheet.
The cookie is cut and placed on a plate.
A fork is shown eating the cookie.
Her little girl shoves a vanilla ice cream cone in her face and laughs.
The teams have a long volley during the game.
The player spikes the birdie down hard and scores a point.
A man dressed in winter gear is sitting out in winter on a frozen lake.
He continues fishing and catches more fish in that same hole.
A woman stands on a track.
She bends over on the track.
She grabs a paper towel and dries her hands.
Two men do flips in front of each other.
A man sits in a room and discusses.
The man then flips over and begins doing leg exercises.
A man sets up a camera in a bar.
The man shoots pool alone.
A diver is in the ocean in the keys of florida, he has a a pumpkin in his hand.
A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a  plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled "nail trainer".
Cars are driving on a road.
A woman is doing a tutorial on how to do water marble nails using water.
She uses a nail polish brush and dips it in water.
Then she dips her nail into that paint.
She is washing dishes in the sink and talking to the person with the camera.
She smiles as the camera zooms in on her right eye.
Once that is finished,the young boys hug and kiss each other and the finish product of the tree is shown.
Two people in scuba gear stand on the ledge of a platform while two other people watch from a platform above.
The people in scuba gear struggle and one persons mask floats away.
The boys get onto the swings and begin to show how to do tricks.
For the finale, all five guys get onto the swings and perform a back flip.
She loses her balance but is able to recover.
the screen is playing a video and the credits are in the right side.
Then she does some more back flips in her backyard and in a park.
Several pictures of the girl are shown where she has participated as a cheerleader and in many gymnastic events.
A man is measuring and cutting carpet while kneeling.
The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam.
The men continue hitting the ball around the room while the camera continues to follow their movements.
After, they put it all together and every one joins in to play.
A child sitting at restaurant table places his hands in a dessert.
A voice is heard reciting the steps to applying ridges on a roof.
Several people are in a skate part rollerblading with one another.
The people then move out to scenic places and starts to roller blade throughout the city.
A woman begins walking down a cobble stone sidewalk with brown boots and then she is seen twirling a hula hoop.
In her next setting,she has about five around her body and continues to dance.
The outro clip begins and it's similar to the intro.
The referee stands by, instructing them on what to do.
A guy jumps onto the ring and begins to fight with one of the wrestlers.
The boys then turn around and begin raking to the right side of the lawn.
The people in the intertubes are helped along by a river guides in polo shirt.
A boy is standing next to a playground jumping rope.
The scene then cuts to the boys back at home in the kitchen peparing things with a final image of a boy standing in the snow covered woods talking to the camera.
They dismount at the end, arms in the air.
A man is holding a camera as he stands talking beside a lake.
People are shown diving into deep waters off of cliffs before rafting again.
man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym in a racetrack.
There's a girl gymnast dressed in purple leotards doing flips on a horse bar in a large indoor stadium filled with spectators.
A blue raft is shown and a group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile.
Finally,they are by the water and about eight of them are sitting on the raft traveling down the water.
After a certain distance,they encounter a rock and a large wave and they all flip out of the raft.
A man is taking a bike apart on a subway.
He is putting a tire back on the bike.
A female hits the ball twice.
Three teens run and a boy throws the basketball to the basket, then the second teen grabs the ball and pass the ball to two teens disputing to have the ball.
Women are playing indoor hockey and competing.
They begin fighting over the inflatable pucks.
They are shown talking to the camera about the game.
There are some people playing croquet in their backyard that is covered with fall leaves.
The teens continue playing croquet as they take turns to hit the ball with the mallet while another boy is playing with a black and white cat.
A woman is putting wall paper on a wall.
He grab a tong and a silver, metal bowl with vegetables in it.
As he brings his elbows towards his knees, a loud crack can be heard as the man laughs, "That hurt my ass.
" He attempts a second sit-up and with another cracking sound, exclaims and grabs his buttocks.
A intro leads to a young man wearing a backwards baseball cap playing the guitar on a bed.
The man strokes his fingers up and down the neck of the guitar while strumming the string and looking down at the neck.
A man is standing at a counter.
A man in the course is aiming his gun.
The man on the course runs around and shoots.
The man at the course peers around a corner aiming his gun.
A young boy is seen holding onto a lawn mower and pushing it along the yard.
He pushes the mower back where he started and looks back to the camera.
A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill,pulling a rope,and reading a book.
They continue to do various hobbies in the mountains and a man comes back and starts talking as the credits begin rolling.
A lady stands and discusses.
People are paddling down a rocky body of  water.
The lady used her hands to over her face.
An inflated boat flips over and the occupants falls overboard.
The lady takes off her helmet.
A guy gives the lady her white sandals.
The man then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera.
They use the brush to paint the side of a table.
A lady commentates over a video of a huge sum of people completing a marathon in New York City.
The man reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway.
She then plays the piano while smiling  and the man continuing to watch her.
A man takes off in a green kayak.
The man holds up the can with the hole facing upwards.
When the race is over, they walk around handing out medals and posing for photos.
girl start doing exercise in the elliptical bike.
More shots are shown of the game as well as people playing with one another.
A man in a white shirt is sitting down playing a guitar.
A close up a girl smiling and pointing to her face is shown followed by a pair of pliers piercing her inner lip.
A woman is giving instructions on how to install and adjust a saddle on a bike.
Then she shows how to adjust the saddle by moving it back and forth.
She later demonstrates how to remove the saddle off.
She shows how to tighten the bolt to make sure the saddle fits snugly.
He throws the ball back at the other kid after landing.
Four men are working on the roof of a house.
People in an indoor pool watch on as multiple divers are taking turns and standing at the highest diving point with the word INDIANA on it as they do multiple flips before they land into the pool.
He welds the metal bracket.
The man finishes welding and picks up a stick from the wooden desk.
A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put.
A man in a hat is standing outside talking.
When it is done, she turns it onto the rack to cool.
kids walks with the inflatable on their hands through the field and run to the mountain again.
Once that is finished,he reaches over for his other sock and begins to do the same thing on the left leg.
We see the man in khakis stumble and fail repeatedly.
We see a man holding a cell phone and talking to the skater.
They go for a walk outside with the people and other dogs.
The woman holds up some sort of tool while talking to the camera.
The woman sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera.
A sped up process of drawing an owl emblem is shown.
He throws the bar down and it crashes into the floor and takes a deep breath.
A child swings on monkey bars.
The child dismounts from the monkey bars.
a elder man is on water standing on a jet ski.
The man places both hands back on the handle and jet skis.
The group continues running around the field as the mascots continue to chase the ball one after the other.
The girl then grabs the left boot, removes the stuff in it, tries it on and stands up to model them.
After,an instant replay is shown of the video being chopped and screwed with a circle highlighting the ball before it is thrown down the lane.
The man continues to spin around while throwing the object off into the distance.
man is wearing white shirt standing in a court room.
A little boy is standing outside on the sidewalk he has his arms behind his back holding something.
He starts to turn along with it when he catches a lot of speed.
He goes around the tree several times.
There's a girl gymnast dressed in shiny blue leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in front of many spectators in a large gymnasium.
She gets on the horse bar and begins to do front flips and back flips.
After she gets off the bar, she goes and hugs her coach.
Then the gymnast walks past the where the panel of judges are seated.
She then rubs down the clothes with a rag while smiling to the camera.
A helicopter is seen driving over an ocean where people are seen surfing.
The people continue riding along the water while the helicopter rides around.
The boys take turns serving back and forth scoring points at random.
The boy that was first shown is playing a third game now that is being kept score of by an official and scores the first 4 points.
He gives a small talk about his bike first.
He then does quick demonstrations on how his bike moves and how it sits.
He then drives around a flat dirt track while cutting a few times to his talks describing his techniques.
He ends by talking about his bike some more.
A swimmer puts on a pair of goggles getting ready.
The swimmer pulls a muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out his leg.
A woman wearing a hat is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums.
A girl is going across a set of monkey bars.
man is in front of an automaic cashier and take some money of it, and go talk with some men in a room full of people.
men are sittig in a blackjack table and are gambling in a casino and talking to each other while people is looking the game and walking around the table.
The woman turns and talks to the camera while washing the pot and smiles a bit as the camera shakily catches the activity.
A woman in a red shirt is standing in a room.
The gymnast dismounts from the equipment and lands on the mat.
A boy is running down a track.
The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole.
They continue pulling the rope with force.
The players continue to pull the rope with concentration.
A woman opens the trunk of a car.
She gets a spare tire out and sets it on the ground.
She puts the hub of the tire on.
Then we see breaking news videos on the screen.
A woman is shown drinking some kind of fluid on a dare, and the women take turns drinking the liquid.
A man and a woman dressed in black and red stand in the middle of a room surrounded by a very large amount of people sitting and watching them.
They twist and turn and even do all kinds of nice moves together.
A girl is sitting talking the the camera.
A half manicure hand of another girl is seen on the floor.
The first girl proceeds to polish the second girl's fingernails.
They split their line and create multiple lines.
A person is helping a young  man to jump behind the rails of a bridge and check the belts.
Then, the man jumps down the bridge.
The man then begins brushing his teeth in several shots.
The video slows down and shows the highlights of the routine in slow motion.
Eventually the man hears his score and smiles pleasingly.
She finishes the climb very happy.
One person is shown doing a set of jump rope tricks.
A mans's face on the left of the screen moves back and out of the shot.
After talking to the crowd he calls out and a dog runs out on the stage to him.
We then see a woman holding a flag in the center and many women alongside her as they jump on a massive jumprope.
He sprays the wood with the yellow canister.
He speaks as he showcases the wood and presses his fingers on the board.
A gymnast is seen looking off in the distance and rubbing her hands together.
She moves herself all along the beam and ends by jumping down and others applauding.
She then puts her legs and hands out and begins to move like a ninja throughout the field.
The winner performs a hand signal with the referee.
The loser walks in the back as they show a replay of the win.
Then main door then opens and the dog steps back.
There are several different trainers shown training and teaching their dogs tricks.
Two women wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube.
Another guy comes onto the screen and attempts to do some flips on the grass.
She puts down her duffel bag before lying down on a table.
She sticks out her tongue at the camera, showing off her piercing.
A custodian sprays the counter of a sink with a spray bottle.
The worker uses a brush to clean out the sink.
The worker uses a hand towel to clean out the liquid in the sink.
She shows a bag, pushing on it with her fist.
People are standing on a field of grass.
He jumps over a high bar and lands on a mat.
Several people are seen riding on exercise equipment while speaking to the camera.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the equipment are shown.
Some people are playing beer bong having a good time, the man throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup.
We see a lady behind a bar talking.
The lady pours three shots of liquor into a cup.
A man is joined by two others in front of a display of guns.
They talk about the guns, then join a game of paintball outdoors, hiding behind obstacles as they shoot at each other.
A woman in a pink shirt is scrubbing the dog with soap.
Eight people are standing at the studio, one woman walked at the back of the group.
Several people are surfing on a large wave in the water.
He lifts the barbells over his head.
We see a lady knitting and singing.
They fight with swords, passing back and forth as they jab at each other.
A man starts doing different things such as sneezing,cooking,using the restroom,and washing his face indicating when to wash your hands.
A female then comes along and walks to a sink in the kitchen and begins to lather her hands.
A woman wearing a pink and white shirt and black tights is standing in her front yard.
She also moves her foot back and forth and walks and lifts her foot as she twirls.
The person pauses and adjusts his helmet.
The bull is lured into a pen and the gates are close.
A team of competition cheerleaders come running out into the field and get into formation.
Once they are finished,the girls end in a stunt and the stunt man runs out to the group.
playground is shown in a dusty field in a big park.
He shows a new product called Nova, which is an electrode for cleaning dirty aluminum.
He begins welding the two plates of aluminum.
The man lifts the weight and the camera shows the process in slow motion.
The man lifts the weight over his head and then drops it to mid body before letting it fall to the floor, at which he point he waives at an unseen audience, all while the woman on the sideline continues to observe.
A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball.
The player in the blue shirt blocks him and makes the goal, and then proceeds to do it again, twice.
man is playing piano with a lot of people gathered around him.
The camera pans around her and watches her knit while she speaks and looks off into the distance.
We see the colorful title card.
The boy gets off the swing and we follow him to the slide.
A person is holding someone on their shoulders.
These girls are shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up One girl put's chap stick on her lips, cheeks, forehead, and under her eyes.
A young child is seen standing before a car holding a rag and looking at the camera.
He continues moving around the car while another man sprays a hose and the boy wipes it down.
A group of people are on an obstacle course together.
The cooked food is then shown and broken in half.
A field is shown along with some mountains as a person begins driving down a road.
As the leaves continue to blow a young boy walks into the scene clearing the path with his leaf blower.
A bulls runs in the street goring people and throwing them to the floor, while the bulls is attached to a rope.
The bull attacks a dog sit on front a door.
The bull continues goring people's behind.
But she misses a few times because  the pinata moves up and down in the air.
After a while of trying, she hits the string the pinata is hanging from and knocks the pinata down, but has barely gotten any candy out.
Two women are standing on a beach, wearing bikinis and holding a surf board.
They show how to do various surfing moves.
The people continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
A man stand in the porch of a house looks around and smile.
Then, the man grabs a cup and drinks, after he leaves.
The person put back the phone, and started typing on the black keyboard.
The woman got up and walk towards the hallway.
The woman sneeze on her hand.
They've also rode over sand humps in the building and other humps in a race.
A man is seen holding up objects while speaking to a woman and rubbing the object along the wall.
He then dips paper in water and begins hanging it up on the walls.
A baby is shown laying in bed while a comb gently brushes it's hair.
A woman demonstrates how to wash the face by washing her face in sink.
The woman then works up a lather with liquid soap she has poured onto her hands.
A roofing commercial demonstrates how to fix a slate roof on a house.
Behind him are people lining up at the atm.
The camera came closer to the gold saxophone.
The man continue playing while people walking past him.
The man blow so hard on his saxophone.
The man takes a break.
People are standing on a volleyball court.
A woman holds a smart phone.
An older man shows how he uses the shears.
The original woman shown demonstrates using the shears on different plant types.
A young woman is shown using the shears.
An older man uses the shears.
The woman walks up a set of stairs with the shears.
A woman gives a hair tutorial.
The woman ties her hair and prepares it so that it looks better.
men are standing in a field playing throwing a small piece of food into another man's mouth.
man starts playing cricket in the field.
woman is talking to the camera in news.
A school bus is on the street behind them.
A man in a black sweater quickly performs a Rubik cube challenge as the timer ticks.
A man sits next to him watching.
They flip, toss, and throw each other, then jump up and down excitedly.
Then the man adds more scrambled eggs while turning the omelette to make it bigger.
He begins doing a gymnastic routine on the parallel bars.
He does a jump off and lands on the mat.
A man stands in a stair rail holding a knife.
A guy prepare to play the drums.
A camera pans outside of a building and looks into a dark room where a man is exercising and speaking to the camera.
The man continues riding on the equipment while moving faster and slower and the camera pans around his movements.
A woman with blonde long hair is carrying a white hula hoops, the hula hoops has rainbow colored tape on parts of it.
The camera turns towards her face, then she started swirling the hula hoops and put it on her.
Many people continue to watch the game on the sidelines and look down at the game taking place.
A person is seen standing before a sink turning on the faucet and wetting their hands.
A young man in green shirt is standing at the goal, while the young player in blue kicked the ball to the goal, and the ball went inside the goal, the man in green shirt missed the ball.
He then takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
It is licking its paw.
The person sprays the sink with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink.
We see before and after shots of the sink.
She puts oil onto the rag and starts to clean her boots with it.
She is holding a bucket of paint.
The woman talks to the camera once again.
People carrying flags follows behind them.
A colorful intro includes the white words that say "World's Most DANGEROUS SPORTS Events" and the green letters separately "SRP".
Madrid Spain on a map appears and it quickly goes into various different clips of men in arenas holding red capes as they taunt angry bulls.
The welder is held over a steel plate and moved slowly.
They have different cards with color names on them.
Two women flip out of a stance, and they end in the air.
One of the swimmers is underwater, trying to reach the ball.
A row of clippers,brushes,and razors are being shown.
A man with long curly hair is shown sitting in the barbershop getting his hair down and the barber is using a combination of scissors,brushes, and blow dryers to complete the look.
He demonstrates the several features of the shears such as extendable handles.
He then extends the handles of the shears to show how far he can reach hard to reach places on top of the hedge.
We see the crowded escalator from a distance.
A woman walks in front of him.
A man in a black shirt stands behind him.
The very last screen is a picture of a dog with it's eyes closed and 2 pairs of hands blow drying it with a brush above it's head, the company name, website, phone number and address.
A young man is seen sitting in a chair holding a vacuum in his hands.
A man wearing black pants, a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer.
The scene is sped up and contains ambient noises.
People are seen putting plaster all over the walls while the man continues to speak.
He is pulling the handles of the palloff press with both hands towards his chest while keeping his back and shoulders up straight.
A shot of pins are shown sitting on a lane followed by a man walking into frame.
The person spins another ball that is followed shortly afterwards.
We see a flat tire on a car.
The person jacks up the car.
A man jumps onto a balance beam.
He does a gymnastics routine on the beam.
A man blows dead leaves of a backyard.
The man then bends forward onto the ball while still speaking to the camera.
They rinse and smile at their clean teeth in the mirror.
They walk away together and turn off the bathroom light.
A bumper car arena is shown followed by people driving around and bumping into one another.
A man hangs wallpaper on a blank wall.
People are sitting in bleachers watching people.
A man in the stands puts his hands on his face.
A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine in a dark room with one single line shown on her.
She continues dancing around the room and ends by the room going dark as she spins.
A woman wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap.
She scrubs down her face and washing it off with the rag and smiling into the mirror.
A person wearing a costume is seen sitting in the middle of the street playing an accordion.
Both the man and the woman are wearing a black tank top and black shorts along with black shoes.
They are dancing in a synchronized manner by following choreographed dance steps to a song.
Then they shake their hips and their heads they lip sync to the song.
They lift their knees up high alternating between the two legs.
They repeat the steps as the chorus of the song repeats.
Finally after the song ends, they both stand still with their hands on their hips.
The display changes back to the men talking about the water polo, they are very intrigued and shocked.
The scene reverts back to the water polo accident, the show banner concludes the video.
He parts the hair and continues pulling and trimming the front flip.
The sweeping woman stops, jumps, and waves before resuming.
Both of them keep being reset but the outcome is no different and the lady on the side keeps walking back and forth clicking a black button.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera wearing costume when another person steps into frame.
Two people then battle one another in the costumes and run into one another.
A car drives behind another while filming several snowy houses and trees shown.
Eventually two snowboarding are shown doing jumps and tricks down a mountain.
Another does several flips and tricks while another performs the same down the mountain.
A man sits in a chair while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard.
The man sits in the chair, wiping himself off before standing up.
Several pictures of seen of a man wakeboarding and leading into him speaking to the camera.
It follows into the man riding around on a wakeboard.
Then the students wants to give it a try.
The men continue punching and kicking back and fourth while the camera continues to follow them around.
A yellowish green one appears on the screen.
Only 1 guy remain standings and he attempts to hit someone else on the other team with a ball, and they in return do the same, they go back and forth doing this until a red ball finally hits the last guy standing on the team and he hits the floor.
After, the man continues making the tattoo on the side of the head while cleaning the paint.
The scene changes and the man is seen standing in a garage.
The skier is laying in the lake.
A large group of people are seen standing around a ballet room and leads into four performing a dance.
The four continuously move together while holding hands and doing the same moves.
From the roof we see the street where a car is parked and a man standing on the room the man begins to pry up roof shingles.
The man finishes and walks away.
She talks about her favorite flavor being chocolate.
They get in a unique position and then simultaneously dive in together.
old man is talking to the camera.
people are in stage in competition jumping the rope.
The man in blue leotard raised the barbel, but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back.
The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered.
The crowd is cheering while the athletes are able to raise the barbel all up his head.
A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home.
She throws a heavy ball really far.
The dog excitedly runs after it and come running back with it, bringing it back to his human.
Once he see's the frisbee flying he starts to run for it and brings it back every time.
There are a few teenage boys skateboarding on a quiet streets in a neighborhood.
They are going down the street, trying some stunts on the skateboard.
There are a some leaves fallen on the curb.
A man in a striped shirt prepares to throw dart at a dart board.
The camera man pans to the side of the dartboard and zooms in on the darts as the man in the striped shirt reaches for the dart board.
Another man is also shown doing the same with a still shot of him afterwards showing his posture and his throw in slow motion.
Several people surfing the waves while people on the sidelines watch the athletes move.
The scene starts over and we see a lady throw a javelin and walk away.
A man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing the piano.
there's another man in a blue shirt standing near him, busy engaged in packing some bags.
The man stops playing the piano and waves to the other person as he gets up and leaves.
A close up is seen of Christmas decorations.
The man dressed up as Santa finishes playing the song on drums.
The woman stops playing, laughs and looks and says something.
Several athletes compete for the javelin world championships.
He shows how to mix a sauce into pasta, and season it.
Two boys look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done.
She applies light pink lip gloss to her lips.
The special affect screen appears with a wooden background and 4 different pictures on the screen with words under them.
The man sitting rubs his hand and holds his face into his hands.
The person lands and almost falls.
Doing the middle of the routine,half of the girls sit in the back behind the rest of the cheerleaders as they do a part of the routine.
The routine ends and they all run across the stage with spirit fingers before leaving the stage.
She then measures out dough that is on a baking sheet for cooking.
Placed in the oven and after they cool you have cookies.
A girl stands up from a table in a kitchen.
She and another girl have glasses and spoons.
A man speaking about how he will be sharpening knives today.
He shows how to use it and how you can use it with either hand.
Then he begins to sharpen one of his knives.
After he is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
A middle aged white female is standing in a lobby of some sort next to a picture talking.
A girl shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point.
Another later tries to shoot a goal but is blocked by the goalie.
A man is holding windex near his car door.
A guy pushes a male to the ground.
The credits of the video are shown.
He runs, doing a long jump in slow motion.
He celebrates as he wins the medal.
However,they've added a feature to the match and each person has to put lemons in the other's hat to gain points.
After several attempts,the girl wins and the score is 4 to 0.
Now begins round two and the outcome is the same as the girl cheats to win.
People windsurf on a large body of water.
More windsurfers are shown racing across the water.
He bounces over a bike as he runs.
He then runs up the side trim of a building before disappearing around the corner.
The girl on the balance beam ends her routine and walks over and hugs a woman in purple.
The man pushes the child down a ski slope.
A woman attempts to stop the child then retrieves his intertube.
A child in green jacket gets into an intertube.
The child is pushed down the ski slope and sleds to the bottom.
A woman in grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope.
A boy in green jacket is pushed down the ski slope.
We see teh lady with makeup on talking to the camera.
3 One man wipes out.
A girl holding a guitar talks to the camera.
The girl plays the guitar as she sits on the sofa.
The girl stops playing and talks to the camera again while demonstrating.
We see an opening instruction screen.
Another screen of instructions and the person inserts the right lens.
He is now walking back up the mountain with difficulty.
He skiis and walks up various hills.
He skiis between some trees and on a path.
A cowboy runs out of a gate on a horse.
He uses a hammer and clamp on the shingles.
A man wearing a bag is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft.
A group of drummers dressed in all white outfits perform a song.
The men continue to teach him how to glide along the ice and and use the brush to move the puck.
A table of various cut fruits appear on screen with the title "Making Drinks".
A person cuts and squeezes lemons followed by the title "Making Lemonade Is Easy and Fun".
Different items needed to make lemonade are shown and titled followed by interviews.
A "Citrus Saturday" logo appears with various supporting organization logos beneath.
An intro appears showing empty glasses, a card that say's "Audi Polo Challenge 2014", an Audi flag blowing in the wind, close up shots of a white horse, people with drinks, cars driving, polo riders getting on their horses, and a large group of people near and in a tent both standing and sitting.
Between matches the people all go out into the grass and put the patches of grass back into the holes that are missing them, and the polo game continues for another round.
man is standing in a basket court dribbling the ball and doing shos to the basket.
Several people are seen skiing down a steep slope.
The woman swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
People runs motocross on an bumpy road.
they are assembling different pieces of the bike.
man is wriing on white papers and is fixing the bike on the garage.
One throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
A video of the event shows in slow motion followed by men on the sidelines watching.
A man is pulled on a sled from the shore then on the lake.
We see people clapping in the crowd.
There is a laundry basket and a lot of clothes on the bed.
Then she turns the vacuum cleaner on and begins vacuuming the bedroom floor.
Then the boy gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table.
He then uses a brush and cleaning solution to wash the shoes.
Several adults and kids are outdoors.
There's a man wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park.
There are several other people in that park with their dogs, sitting under canopies.
A man is standing behind a bar talking.
Last he inserts plugs into the end of the grips and the handle bars.
man kick another player on the head and he holds his head.
The driver is looking at the camera and smiling while driving.
A hand reaches out from behind the camera.
A girl is talking to the camera with her hand on her shoulder.
He picks up a large shovel full of snow and tosses it next to him.
An intro comes onto the screen introducing the video clip.
Two people are shown frolicking around in the lake.
She finishes and shows her painted nails.
He continues pushing the man while many watch on the side.
A lady picks up a contact lens.
A man puts a contact lens in.
A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read "WALTON", "Ontario's West Coast" and "MOTORCROSS TOWN".
A lot of people are now shown walking or riding bikes at a large gathering as other people are hanging out under tents.
Cheerleaders are standing on a blue mat.
A woman is holding an athlete's ankle while sh is on the beam.
The woman is making the athlete raiser her ankle a and walk to the beam, she guide the athlete as she walks.
A young man is seen looking off into the distance with lotion on his face.
People watch the game on the sidelines as the players continue to run up and down the field.
There are two roofers standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal.
They are using roofing shovel to remove the shingles and tarp.
A camera pans over a sink full of dishes followed by a woman jogging over.
She dances with the dishes and looks into the camera while she does them.
Then, the man takes the key chain and points the lower part of the can.
After, the man pocks the lower part of the can and intermediately opens the can and drinks from the hole of the can.
A woman is helping a little boy slide down a slide.
He wipes down all surfaces from inside and outside the car.
A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball.
The other child also wants to join the first child on the same swing, and holds the swing steady while the child climbs on.
The child is able to climb on, and the two children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward.
A residential security video is playing and shows an empty yard and road.
A man walking two dogs show up walking on the side closer to the camera, and he quickly notices another dog from the other side of the road suddenly coming his way so he tries to tighten up his dogs leash to gain control of them, but the other dog begins running towards them and starts attacking the man's dogs.
We see a man and a boy playing by sliding a plastic thing around  table.
We see a boy in a sweater moving a chair to sit and join the game.
A baby girl is holding a compact, wiping the makeup pad against her cheek.
She sits on the floor, continuing to play with the makeup, opening and closing the case, and wiping it onto her face.
One of the men jumped so high several time with his stilts.
He jumps on to the board and starts spinning really fast before he jumps off and walks around.
A man in a blue shirt moves to take his shot.
He then talks to the other men.
They are standing next to a body of water.
They are eating dinner around a table.
At the end, she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree.
We see a man laying in the sand.
As they throw the balls,a little girl tries to join in on the action and begins following them and running from one side of the court to the other to chase the balls.
He cleans and wipes down the tattoo.
She is finished, showing off the final product.
A person is seen walking into frame with a bar in her hands.
The audience laughs at her movements while she continues to move and dance around the stage.
He picks up another can and talks about it then sprays her arm again and rubs the cream in.
A man with a pony tail is seen walking along a rope with another man watching him and smiling in the background.
The man watches attempts to walk and falls off as well in the end.
A woman is showing her fingernails.
The person continues painting their nails.
They use the makeup brush and dip it in the acetone.
Then, all cars stop and the teen get out the cars.
A person holds a elongated, hollow stick.
People surf in the ocean and a man pass under a huge wave.
People swim in the beach.
Two men both dressed in athletic gear are standing and talking in an indoor weight lifting gym filled with other equipment.
Once she has secured herself on the bag,she begins doing a set of crunches by pulling herself up.
In between the crunches,she sits up and makes punches out into the air,before going back down.
A woman is standing on a lit stage.
She is holding an accordian as she talks.
She is surrounded by two other accordians as she instructs on how to play the instrument.
A small child is seen standing on a base with an older man pointing.
A boy runs after a ball and stands on the base.
The adult runs back and fourth while others still play kickball.
A group of people perform yoga and listen to live music before the scene fades out.
a lot of people are standing in square around two kids.
a young and a kid are doing balance in a balance rope.
the boy is in a competition in snowy path doing tricks on a balance rope with people behind a fence watching him.
He aims a dart and throws it.
A small young boy is also outside and he begins smiling because his section of leaves are in a pile while the girl is still working.
two people are knelled in front of the man.
one woman takes a strip and waxes one of the man's legs.
Two people are sitting in a kayak rowing.
Another person is sitting in a kayak rowing.
Words are shown on the screen.
The man puts it noodles and spins them around and drains them.
Two women wash a car by hand.
A person cleans a motorcycle.
The woman throws water with the hose to the female who grabs the hose.
Then, the female rinse the car with the hose.
A woman wearing white clothes approaches the woman and the female.
A man is outside in his front yard.
He lifts the mower and turns it at every corner.
A sumo is slowly walking into an indoor arena where there a lot of spectators in the stands, and people already on the sumo wrestling stage.
The man sits down and a widescreen shot of the arena is shown with yellow and white kanji appear on the screen.
Eventually the taller sumo pushes the smaller guy out of the ring and they fall a little into the audience but both remain on their feet and go back onto the ring to catch their breaths and have the referee announce the winner.
He keeps adding paint along the way, sometimes directly to the canvas.
A red machine is seen on the ground.
He begins to weld a piece of metal on the ground in front of it.
A girl in a pink top explains to a man how to use an elliptical machine at a gym.
A large museum is shown with several vases and pictures hanging from the wall.
As the 360 angle of the room stops,a man and a woman appear standing together in the room.
Suddenly,the female takes off her blazer and is shown in some what of a lingerie outfit and mesmerizes the man while picking up a fencing utensil with her feet.
Towards the end of the game,the man's pants fall off and you can see his boxers,the lady gets back dressed and walks out of the building.
A young woman stands in a kitchen talking to a camera.
She puts the sandwich on a pan and cooks it.
She then eats the sandwich.
A man and woman are playing on an indoor court.
They take turns lobbing the ball with their racquets.
A young man dressed in a blue and white uniform is standing on a red runway preparing for his routine.
Last comes a black screen and  white url appears to watch more of the event online.
People are dancing in a room with colorful lights.
People are walking behind them.
A man is seen looking to the camera holding a shovel.
The man continues to shovel the snow over and over.
A person is standing in front of a sink.
She waves her potato to the camera and continues peeling.
different pumpkins with famous people sculpt in pumpkins.
the man connects a light inside a pumpkin and plug it.
A woman is standing outside a building talking.
She waves as she pumps water into a pan.
Another woman washes dishes in the large flowing pan.
Then we see a gathering at an outdoor event.
First the woman greets everyone through the camera and she tells what she will be doing.
Then she kneels down on the yoga mat and then she sits on her feet.
Several people are shown watching the big monitor inside of a stadium before a hockey game.
Several skaters come out onto the ice and skate around the rink.
He gives a thumbs up to the camera an continues driving around and speaking to the camera.
A man is touching a woman's hair in a salon.
A person is seen bending down before a set of weights.
A truck is seen driving in followed by several shots of motocross racers.
The people begins driving on the track while the camera watches their movements.
The people continue riding on the dirt bikes around the track while others watch on the side.
The players fight to get control of the ball while the referee looks on.
A teen is squatting in the grass cutting grass with hedge shears.
The boy stops cutting and pushes the grass with the shears.
After some time,a man comes in and sits down in front of the refrigerator with his black cat in his lap.
Once finished,the nails are thrown in the trash and the two leave the kitchen.
She misses a few times, but gets better.
She swings and misses but keeps trying.
Two young men are cutting the grass of a front lawn.
They make a circle around the yard several times as the one helps guide the other.
The one hugs the other as he holds a drink.
Many people hold flowers and ride down the river in kayaks while more speak to the camera.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The guy stands, talks, and displays item.
The guy removes the cap from a beer bottle.
The guy removes a bike from a box, unwraps it, and puts the parts together.
The guy puts paste on the foot pedals.
a group gathers to the center of a gym floor.
some of the group are on their feet.
and some are in wheel chairs.
The men continue to hit the ball around the room while walking back and fourth.
man is taking off a violin from the case and gives it to a man.
man start playing the violin in a crowded stage.
More girls step up and swing objects around and leads into a man holding up wood and the girls hitting them.
They do a routine together in the end and walk off stage.
They use their paddles as they go over the falls.
a man is on one knee talking to the camera in a gym.
the man takes the resistance bar and being to demonstrate exercises.
A man is seen moving a pool stick and begins hitting balls on a table.
He hits the balls one last time.
several kids are lined up while mounted on a dirt bikes.
the kids then race off on onto a course of hills.
Two men are putting on gear beside a cliff.
One of the men is talking about the process.
They then demonstrate rock climbing.
litle furry bown dog is sanding on top of a table in a saloon while a woman is combing his hair.
He speaks and gestures to the camera.
He sets down his drink and picks up a fishing rod pulling a tiny fish out of the hole.
The black man stretch his arms and hold on to the beam's handle.
The man jumped on the beam and began balancing on the beam.
She holds up a product and wipes it all along her face.
She washes her faces and wipes it down with a rag still speaking to the camera.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt prepares to demonstrate how to prepare a drink.
The bartender than adds a sugar mixture and lemon juice to the glass.
Two men are seen boxing another man in a gym whose wearing protective gloves.
Four more people jump from the ledge in the same way and bounce at the bottom of the cord at the end of the fall into the tunnel.
A guy uses a tattoo gun on a man's arm.
The boy laughs out loud.
The person carves along the tracing while moving in and out of frame.
The person finishes the pumpkin by putting a light inside.
A man and a woman are sitting on couches.
A man falls down trying to kick the ball.
women are doing somersaults into a pool.
A boy is seen standing in a locker room with others.
A man is looking out of an opened window of a very fast moving train surrounded by snow and a lot of trees.
A group of young adults are shown and they're in a large and very messy bedroom sitting on four bunkbeds along the walls, and the camera person grabs something for a  large wooden shelf.
A little girl is sitting on a bench in front of a wall.
The woman smiles at the camera and the little girl watches.
a group is walking with their faces covered.
The woman bends down and sprays the liquid around.
He hits the drums with his palms facing directly on the drums.
Two people are boxing on a mat.
We see men at a table and shots of an arena and people preparing to ride dirt bikes.
A half naked lady is spraying a car with water.
We see fireworks in the stadium and bikers.
The title ending title screen loads.
A man is working outside in a yard.
He is pushing around a log.
She then washes and rinses her face.
He tossed the ball just a little in the air and steps into it as it's falling down and make a great connection with the stick he have in his hand.
A camera pans around a room and shows a woman working.
She lays down the map and shows off the camera while smiling.
The two people in sumo wrestler is jumping and smiling while waiting for their opponent, young man crawling inside another two-person sumo wrestler costume.
The people in sumo wrestler costume get up talk with their opponent while hitting each other for a while then another man gives the signal to start the fight.
They talk for a while and continue to fool around with each other lead to a fight knocking off the wrestler in blue belt.
Several shots are shown of the ocean leading into a person walking on a rope.
A "Thread Banger" logo is shown on screen.
Varrious forms of paper are rolled up and used.
Credits are shown on screen.
While she is peeling the potatoes, a small black dog walks by and then another woman in a red hoodies and stripped socks opens a bag of chips behind her.
a man is sitting on a crate talking to the camera.
the man places the peeled potatoes in a tub of water in front of him.
A car is seen driving back and fourth on the road with a person hanging on the side.
a large towel is laid on the floor of a living room.
He then shows how to do sit ups.
A boy jumps onto a balance beam.
He does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
The spark belongs to a man with a torch in his hand and firing away at an object.
A man is holding a rope behind a boat.
He is surfing on the river water.
He flips out of the boat into the water, then continues surfing.
A man knocks on the door with one woman answering and the other looking depressed.
He is holding a shovel in his hands.
A large group of people are seen speaking to one another and begin playing bumper cars.
then put the dough in top of a cake that is in a green plate.
A blurry still shot of what looks like an indoor track is shown with a man wearing blue short sleeves and shorts is in a running position, and 2 other people standing near him.
The screenshot is unpaused and the man finally starts to move while the video is in slow motion, but he's running very fast, skips, and then does his jump.
Just like the first man, another man is now shown running, skipping and jumping, and he's wearing a red outfit.
The screen fades to black and white words appear that say "Part 2 Coming Soon" and "Info@keinanbriggs dot com".
He goes into a bathroom and drinks a cup of mouthwash.
He spits it out into the sink in front of him.
There is a large boat carrying some divers into the ocean.
A large stingray is swimming alongside some small fish.
Several scuba divers are seen swimming with a sea turtle.
The scuba divers wave as they finish their journey and swim back up to the surface of the ocean to get back into their boats.
A person is running a razor on the skin of their leg.
The person shaves their knee.
Another dog jumps up on the fence behind them.
A woman is sitting at a harp.
She is plucking the strings with her hands.
She is inside a large cathedral.
Another person is playing flute alongside her.
They are talking and laughing as they float.
two woman stand by a body of water holding bows and arrows.
they each take turns shooting a bow across the water onto a target.
a bigger group of people are then shown having the same target practice.
He then peels off the wall paper from the wall.
The camera follows around the people riding on the water.
They continue to push themselves along the water past one another.
A black bull is chasing people around a pen.
A man hides behind a yellow barrel.
A person demonstrates what hash marks on a basketball court are as well as different basketball play techniques including lay up moves and footwork on the court, using and outdoor court and players as the exhibit.
A close up of hashmarks is shown on a live, outdoor court, as a finger is seen from the side of the camera pointing to the marks on the court.
Two men are in a arm wrestle position on the ground.
The men started to arm wrestle, trying to put each others arms on the ground.
The man in black shorts won.
He is shown paddling and turning in the lake.
Three people wearing all black are standing on a red carpet.
People are standing behind them watching them.
a ball rolls towards the crowd.
He then runs away from the crowd.
kid is a green grassy park playing in the playground.
someone is adding nail polish to a sponge to create an ombre paint.
woman clean off the ecxess and put a layer of top coat.
A young boy dressed in shorts and a t-shirt is standing in a bathroom with his left foot on a colorful mat and his right hand on the sink, and he's brushing his teeth with his left hand.
The boy starts dancing and brushing his teeth again, spits in the sink brushes his teeth again and continues to dance.
A man is taking the shoe lace out of a shoe.
He sprays the shoe with something from a can.
She then begins cutting a cat's claws while the cat squirms around.
More people are shown performing flips off rope and picnic tables.
The men take turns jumping off the rope and looking to the camera.
A guy is approaching a weight on a stage.
A guy is benching pressing.
A guy is captured kissing his thigh on a stage with a weight on the floor.
A young child is seen drinking from a bottle.
He continues drinking and pointing to the camera.
A woman is seen spinning around food in a hot pan.
A man is driving a tractor in a yard.
He is using a blower to blow leaves down a hill.
He continues down the yard, blowing the leaves downhill into the trees.
A lady talks while holding a red coffee mug.
A man is standing inside a gym.
He is wearing a pair of boxing gloves as he shows punches.
A man comes onto the screen and introduces a video where he will demonstrate how to use power stilts.
When he is done the cameraman catches a close up of him and his face.
The gymnast performs a routine on the uneven bars.
He cleans the vacuum and continues cleaning while emptying it out and moving along the floor and speaking more.
They throw a ball around to each other.
The pass the ball around.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and showing over various cakes.
They are then seen in a game of soccer.
They run on the sand, kicking the ball into the net.
A group of people are standing in a lobby.
A large group of adults and children are sitting in bumper cars and driving around hitting one another or into walls.
He gets up off the table and looks at his piercings in the mirror.
The credits of the clip is shown.
The people pushing along the ocean while the camera captures their movements.
He is then seen skiing through the snow.
He is also seen riding the lifts before skiing again.
the girl then blows out smoke holes.
A man is seated inside a room.
He is hammering nails into carpet on the floor.
A large yard is seen followed by a man moving in and out of frame.
The logo "monkeysee com" is shown on screen.
Two men speak to the camera from a darkened room.
old man is talking to the camera in a skate park skating and doing tricks.
A person is placing curlers in her hair.
Now they are brushing and combing her hair back.
Final shots of her finished look appear followed by a website address.
A large river is shown with people riding in tubes.
People wave to the camera as well as smoke cigarette and swim in the water.
People drink beer and gesture to the camera while still sitting in tubes and getting out on the side.
a man stands in a bull ring.
a bull runs towards the man.
the man then runs around being chased by the bull.
They take turns jumping across the mat.
They pick up the item they threw on it.
A woman is seen sitting at the top of the slide with a child.
The woman looks at the camera and begins sliding down.
Her and the child slide to the bottom.
A pick axe is scraping of something on some metal.
"What bowt it?" logo appears on screen.
Young men play pool in a dimly lit room.
The wrestler throws the shirtless wrestler on the wrestling box's floor.
The shirtless wrestler lays motionless on the floor.
Then she demonstrates the cartwheel, followed by the power hurdle round off.
She also bends backwards and throw herself over to do the back walkover and then the front walkover as she makes a one hundred eighty degree flip over.
After that, she finishes off with the tutorial and signs off.
After,a man appears with a clear bag in his hand dropping brown liquid into it.
He then tries to lick the liquid from the side but he isn't successful because of the gravity is keeping it in.
A dog groomer pets the dog's fur with her hands.
A young boy is seen sitting before a ball pit and looking towards the camera.
Two men are standing outside talking.
A group of athletes are on an indoor track.
He breaks the bar as he tries to vault over it.
Two men are standing in front of each other.
The girls move all along a parking lot while another comes into frame on skates.
The girls kiss one another while still riding around and zooming in on their faces.
Some feet with ballerina shoes on are seen in front of cabinets and a fridge.
The person steps back and ties the shoe on the left.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera standing next to a horse.
She begins brushing the horse while still speaking.
She holds up tools and continues brushing the horse.
A man is inside a work shop.
He removes the rubber tread and replaces it.
man is on a lakeside and sits in a kayak and gets in the river kayaking.
A male Olympian from the Unites States is getting ready to compete in the ball throw.
The male star then spins carefully gaining momentum of the throw.
A game of curling is being discussed by a man wearing glasses.
He continues talking about the mechanics of the game.
A weight lifter is inside a gym.
He then lifts it over his head before dropping it.
We then see other track athletes doing the same moves and their measurements.
A female gymnast mounts a low beam.
She turns and balances on the beam.
She goes forward doing jumps and springs.
a man stands behind a bar.
the man then begins creating and mixing a cocktail.
He loosens the bolts and positions the jack, removes the tire and replaces it with a new one.
Then he lowers the car and tightens the new bolts, then removes the jack and talks for a bit more.
At the end the logo shows again.
She begins painting flowers on the paper in front of her.
two men are sitting a ta table holding hands.
the two have an arm wrestling match.
A man is seated inside a room.
He is playing a large drum set.
He hits the drums with his hands to a beat.
the man stands on top of the lawnmower in the yard.
the man takes out the car and other men start fighting for the cart and the three are riding it.
Two man stand in line while a woman stands to one side.
The woman makes a series of jumps again.
The people follow behind the woman dancing and do the same thing she does.
The men with most wearing turbans slowly start to pull the rope their way, they win,stop pulling the rope and a hand quickly appears in the view before the video stops.
The instructor is going sideways while shaking her hips and and moving her hands rhythmically.
Then she again starts dancing sideways as she moves her legs and arms together and the entire group imitates her moves.
The entire group of ladies dances in quick and vigorous steps as they rapidly move their hands.
Then she begin jogging back and forth in the gym while moving their hands in the air.
A man walks onto a mat.
A woman is seen holding up products and putting them in her hair .
A group of men labor over an ice fishing hole using a fishing pole, a wire, and their hands to finally wrangle a fish from deep under the ice.
A group of men are standing over a small, round, hole in the ice.
The two men put gloves on and go into the hole to try to retrieve, then they use a wire, and then finally, they are able to wrangle a wriggling, large and long fish out of the water from under the ice.
A girl in a green sweater is talking about doing a tutorial for the braid she has in her hair.
Four individuals are in a small rectangular patch of dirt in the middle of a large green football field.
The man turned around and threw the ball and landed on the field.
The man walked way giving high fives to the other players.
Star wars memorabilia is shown in a room.
A person is playing a saxophone in front of a music stand.
He stops playing and puts the saxophone down.
He laces up his shoes and joins in a race.
The girl laughs with glee at being pushed.
a man is standing behind a restaurant bar.
the man places a glass on the bar.
He is holding an archery set and talking.
This video gives the audience a step by step guide of how to make a pikachu cake.
First, he searches the internet to find a pikachu character's face to fit the cake he's making.
He and another child are shown creating jackolanterns from pumpkins.
They use plastic pumpkins to base their designs on.
A close up of paper is seen followed by a woman speaking to the camera.
A young woman is standing in a stadium on a mat holding up a bow and arrows and releasing it onto the target.
Two more girls go after her and the commentators jump up and down in glee and begin to laugh.
A news reporter wearing a black dress reports on the use of sunscreen.
Video clips of adults and children on different beaches.
An interview with a physician who is wearing a white lab coat.
A large group poses for a photo together.
They are gathered to wash clothing in the basin.
Drips of sweat falls off the guy's face.
behind the band kids walking in circles are doing a choreography.
the band back off in the sidewalk and make a dance at the rhthm of the music.
This man is standing with his hands on his hips and he explains what exercises he will be doing throughout the video.
First he shows viewers how to properly do a crunch and his feet are apart, arms on his chest, and each time he goes up the elbows touch his legs.
When he's done, he stands up and tells viewers more helpful information about how to have a good workout.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins eating an ice cream.
They do this several times and rub ice cream all over one another.
A close up of a woman is seen leading into objects shown in front of the camera.
A small group of people are seen standing together and speaking.
A large rock column is seen from a boat in the ocean.
The man walks across the rope all the way to the attached rock.
The man films from a beach cliff next to a tent.
another man runs through the performance clapping his hands.
man is hand washing a black jeep.
the man then hand washes a yellow corvette.
a call center is shown.
She is holding an ax over a log.
A woman wearing glasses has her hand on her hip.
Then both of the men ride the skateboards at the same time in the middle of the streets.
Two men are standing on an outdoor court.
A man walks up to an ice covered truck.
The man opens the door and repeatedly slams it shut trying to break up the ice.
He uses a scraper to clear the ice from the driver's side window and mirror.
A woman is standing behind a green fence.
A black screen appears with white letters.
A man with a helmet and a longbord walks ahead as he helps the girl in the roller blades get across grass.
White text is seen at the bottom of the screen.
The screen goes black.
First, the man spins around and throws the discus indoors.
Next he is shown doing it outdoors where lots of people are watching.
A woman talks to the camera.
The women are shown practicing dance in the studio again.
A wall with diplomas and certificates is shown.
The women are shown practicing dance in the studio once more.
The exterior of the studio is shown.
A large group of people are inside a dimly lit room.
They are struggling on their recumbent bikes.
They keep pushing on the pedals even though they are tired.
Then she adds some melted butter to the mixture and stirs it again.
Then they add some salt ans stir it again.
a man uses a scraper to remove paint from a ceiling.
He then replaces it with a light brown color.
A woman sitting in a room puts on makeup as a song plays.
She applies eyelash makeup while using a mirror for help.
She then shows a small makeup case and applies makeup to her lips.
She waves to the camera and the screen turns black.
Girl laughs into the camera.
He prepares to start his routine on the bars.
people chase the bull around the ring.
The boy shakes the hand of his opponent.
People perform a form of acrobatic non-combat kick fighting while a small group of people watch.
Two of them pose together for a photo followed by a copyright.
A man walks and picks the petals of a flower off.
the man then knells down and cuts the wall paper.
A man and a woman paddle a canoe down a river with other people on canoes watching.
A cameraman rises up on the riverbank.
Two new individuals paddle down the river.
The hair falls onto his shoulders.
the man begins playing the piano.
The man begins to punch the heavy bag repeatedly.
The man kicks the heavy bag repeatedly.
A man walks up and kneels behind a bike.
He removes pieces of the bike and replaces them.
This video teaches viewers futsal tricks and goals.
People are also shown kicking the ball between someones legs while the person is standing there to get the ball and other tricks are shown too.
Two men are engaged in a game of table tennis.
They hit the ball back and forth.
A young girl is seen climbing up a ladder onto a diving board.
They engage in a game of arm wrestling.
It is underneath a chair.
The chef scrapes the side of the bowl with a grey scraper.
The chef then adds chocolate syrup into the mixture and  a brown powder into the mixture and blends the ingredients together.
We see colors stream into a bar and words on the title screen.
A city and a chimney flash.
We see men working on a roof and a title bar on the bottom of the screen.
A man grabs a tool and removes shingles from a roof by tapping a hammer on the tool.
The man hammers the nails into the metal piece on the shingle and cuts the metal.
We see the man place a shingle in the empty spot where he removed one.
A woman is seen standing behind an ironing board fixing a shirt.
She places it back down and folds up the ironing fabric.
A man is playing a set of bagpipes on a stage.
He walks back and forth while people dance to the music.
He continues playing for the crowd exuberantly.
woman plays the accordion in an open field in front of bushes.
man is standing next to the woman and is watching her.
a man and a woman are standing in a sunny day playing accordion.
a choir stands before a congregation.
the choir begins to sing.
They begin performing a routine by lifting one another and jumping around.
A young man wearing a hat, shirt and jeans is standing in a kitchen and sucking on a hookah.
The man removes the hookah from his mouth and blows out rings of smoke.
The man sucks on the hookah again, blows out smoke, sucks it back in and this time just blows out smoke.
a woman is then sitting on a rowing machine pulling the cable.
She continues to talk ever so gracefully on and on about the hair products.
A cue hits a stack of pool balls.
Two men are shown playing a game of pool and talking.
One man is clearly shaming and beating the other man at the game.
People are standing in a room dancing.
A picture of a man and woman are shown on the screen.
A person is seen pointing to the floor and begins laying down carpet.
The person pushes carpet all down a stair and cuts along the side.
They continue to lay down carpet and drill nails into the sides.
a little girl is kneeling in sand.
She tries to solve the puzzle as quickly as possible.
woman is standing in front of the kid holding a pole.
a crocket field is in the middle of street in a city.
Several people go up a snowy mountain.
They ride together down the mountain.
An individual talks to the camera.
Two individuals, one seated and one standing, talk to each other at a bar.
The standing individual shows he other one how to make a drink.
The first individual shows the other individual how to make a different drink.
The second individual tastes this new drink.
The first individual shows the other individual how to make a third drink.
A splash screen with a company logo and a map are shown again, briefly interspersed with the two individuals talking.
She applies foundation to her skin.
A man is seen throwing several frisbee to a dog in a back yard.
The man and dog perform tricks with one another back and fourth.
A person mixes the ingredients together in a bowl.
They pour the batter into bowls and add dye to them.
They put the pans into an oven.
They frost the cake with blue frosting and add sprinkles.
After, the person continues playing while marking the compass of the music with his hands.
He turns the camera around and gives a thumbs up.
There are two people in front of him on tubes.
man is combing a kid's hair in a hair saloon.
man is standing behind anoher man holding an acoustic guitar and playing a song.
Two people are skateboarding and one spins and runs into the other.
Several different incidents of skateboarding accidents are shown in succession.
He pulls the canoe out of the water.
There's a man in a white shirt and black hat playing with a Frisbee disc with his white dog on a large yard.
Then the dog goes back to the man to return the disc.
The man throws the disc again at a distance for the dog to run and fetch it.
A woman is seen riding around on a horse and smiling to the camera.
He ropes a calf to the ground.
He jumps off and ties the calf up.
The tube flips and the man grabs the boy.
They are doing the dishes in the sink.
A woman walks behind them and open opens the refrigerator.
She then starts helping them rinse the dishes.
When the lady finishes talking,she begins riding the elliptical before doing a set of lifting dumb bells.
She then returns on the bike and continues instructing the glass as the other women in the classroom mimic her behavior.
A woman is standing at a sink.
She is scrubbing a pan in the sink.
She turns the faucet on and washes off the pan.
A person is standing outside of a car scraping the windshield of ice with a a glass ice scraper.
The person makes progress removing ice form both sides of the windshield as the person inside of the car turns the camera on themselves as they talk into the camera.
A woman is riding on an elliptical machine.
She continues riding before an ad for the trainer appears.
Materials to clean a bathroom sink is displayed in the screen.
The group continues riding the bikes together.
A young lady in shorts pushes a black shuffleboard puck across a cement shuffleboard court as a lady in a striped shirt watches her.
The lady taps the puck with her stick before pushing it hard and pushing the puck across the court.
The camera pans to the lady who covers her face with her hand and walks towards the start of the board.
A seated man wearing headphones holds a guitar.
The man stops playing the guitar and looks at the camera.
The person is skiing in extremely cold weather using one hand as he holds the selfie stick recording himself with the other.
A coach explains to a group of teen basketball players in a gym.
The coach gives instructions to the players, then the teens continue practicing.
A blue raft is next to him holding a red cooler.
Another person is sitting on a tube next to him.
A boy is seen tumbling backwards and forwards in different locations and on different surfaces including grass, bounce tarps and mattresses.
A boy is seen tumbling back and forward on grass lawns in different locations.
The boy is then seen doing similar gymnastic moves on a mattress outdoors.
The boy is then seen flipping on bounce tarps outdoors before returning to flipping on grass.
people are in the woods setting a campfire.
kids are wasing the dishes on a small waterjet.
A man is standing in front of a horse.
The horse is eating the feed while dogs pick up the mess that drops.
We approach a man on a sidewalk.
A lady walks out of store and to an old man on a bench and back to the store.
At one point they see a school of fishes in the water.
Another child sits up on the camel and shows 3 people riding on top while the man moves the camel.
The credits of the video are shown.
She stands up from a orange chair showing her very long hair and put something on the window.
Another person starts to fix, comb and braid her very long hair.
A close up of the ground is seen with a person laying out sticks.
men are standing under a tent receiving a man.
people in the background are talking or drinking beer.
First two men are shown sitting in the car talking to the camera.
She creates sections and makes a pony tail with a jeweled holder.
They turn and twirl together as they dance.
A man is seated on an ornate couch.
A continuous scroll of instructions crawls across the bottom of the screen.
A man jumps onto a balance beam.
He is throwing putty onto a wall in front of him.
He is holding a board with putty on it.
He then skips along with alternating feet across the block.
Two girls are standing outside a building.
The camera is blurry then focuses on people playing polo.
A woman video records the proceedings.
The intro is a blue background with the Bissell logo and asks "Is it okay to use steam on hardwood floors?".
There's a man dressed in blue winter gear standing on the slopes of a snowy mountain with a snowboard in his hands, talking about his snowboarding experience.
The man on the snowboard is excited about his experience snowboarding behind a car as he shares it with everyone.
The camera pans to capture a man in black walking along the field.
The man in yellow gestures again.
A young man is seen pushing a lawn mower and smiling to the camera.
The man looks over his shoulder and walks back and fourth.
One is applying wax to the other boy's leg.
She closes the mirror and looks down.
"The Bowlers Company" logo appears on screen.
A graphic is shown on screen introducing a bowler using various balls.
The path of the balls is illustrated.
White and yellow text on a green screen is shown.
They add chocolate chunks to the dough.
He has a ball on a rope.
A father makes sure to rub down his sun in sunscreen really well.
The people hit the ball back and fourth to one another while the camera captures their movements.
A lady stands behind a bar speaking as she demonstrates how much liquid is in a shot tool .
A man is seen speaking to the camera and shows people smoking.
Several packs of cigarettes are shown with more people smoking.
A man ends by holding up a pack and speaking to the camera.
Several ingredients are shown being put into a bowl and as well as cut up and wrap put on top.
A woman is shown running down the beach and smiling to the camera.
She then begins performing sit ups on the dock.
3 guys stand in a cirle on a indoor field.
the guys then practice kicking goals.
Two people are playing wall ball in a room.
Two more people are playing wall ball in a room next to them.
She is trying to hit a pinata in front of her.
a man serves a tennis ball on a tennis court.
The athlete begins sprinting and jumping farther and farther.
The athlete is now running full out and jumping full out.
Clips of the long jump athlete jumping on different courses with people watching and competing in other exercises.
A man uses a brush on bundled wallpaper on the floor.
The man lifts the wallpaper and hands it to another man standing on a chair.
The second man places the wallpaper on a wall with help from the first man.
A group of team mates are on a field together.
They are talking to and looking at an ill or injured player.
Two volleyball teams meet on opposite sides of a net.
They are engaged in a game of volleyball.
A small monkey is walking along a branch.
It uses its foot to scratch its head.
They are using yellow oars to paddle themselves.
They crash into the bottom of a bridge.
They are carrying their raft and get into a van.
The two play shuffleboard while others play with them.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a basketball.
the man keeps talking in front of the camera and showing his arm tattoo.
It runs, aimed at the man in front of him.
The man changes the backgrounds as he leans forward, pushing back.
The man holds a can and puts it on the counter.
The man then shaves his calf with a razor as another person holds a camera and films it.
A person rubs his left in a smooth shaved spot.
The people speak to one another and eat food as well as swim in the river.
Brief scenes related to dogs are shown.
A man walks and takes care of a large group of dogs while occasionally interacting with others or talking to the camera.
She walks around the tree and back to the ornaments.
The man is holding a tube of sunblock and apply on his body while he also put on a black shirt and then talk to the camera.
A dog is standing on a rug.
A person walks up and picks up the camera.
A gymnast get up and ready himself  to perform in a parallel bars in front of the big crown while another man is holding a platform.
He caught his feet with the bars, he stop and reach for the powder and another man approach him.
A boy is standing next to a sink in a bathroom.
He puts toothpaste on a toothbrush and begins brushing his teeth.
They begin performing a jump roping routine with one another.
man is walking to a tent and put the materials on top of a bench.
man put newspaper and dry leavs on a small tray and turn on a campfire.
the man is in a small cabin in the woods talking to a woman.
They are passed by another group going faster.
A pair of beetle shaped fingernails are displayed.
A woman uses polish and false nails in front of her.
He is playing an accordian.
A woman in a brown bikini is talking to the camera.
He uses a long grasper to move them in a game of curling.
A person is standing at a sink.
An individual stands facing a dog in front of an audience.
the individual performs tricks with the dog and some frisbees.
Several individuals run across the field as the first individual finishes the routine.
A man is standing in a driveway.
There is a red ring on the ground.
He watches it fly across.
The inner tubes are pulled back up the hill on a pulley system with kids riding in them.
Several people are seen running around a pit that leads into a bull running around.
Several people run around the bull inside the pit.
Four adults are sitting at a table in a kitchen.
They talk to each other about something.
A man in a white shirt speaks to the camera with people practicing cricket in the background.
A man is seen boxing towards the camera as well as hitting a bag.
He continues moving his arms around and bowing.
The young boy is skateboarding on the road.
The young man in blue shirt is skateboarding on the street.
Three young men are skateboarding in an empty street sliding side to side.
People cheer as they audience stands around and leads into more people dancing together.
Scenes of an outdoor stadium are shown.
Various scenes of lacrosse being played are shown.
Two water polo teams compete in a pool.
The referee blows the whistle on a foul by the defender and the play stops.
When the play resumes the player passes the yellow ball to a team mate who takes a shot and scores a goal.
The girl one by one rent to the basketball and threw the balls.
The girls dribble the ball as then do a lay up to the basket.
People in the stands are watching them race.
A woman in a pink shirt is standing on a mat.
A still image is seen of a woman riding a wave on a surfboard.
She is wearing a white headband around her head.
She is fully encased by white rapids.
A little boy is standing inside a room.
He is beating a drum set and cymbals.
A man wearing a blue jacket approaches a blue car.
The man in the blue jacket says hello to a neighbor and continues cleaning the car.
the man on a side of the court is hitting the ball showing the voleyball moves.
Several young boys and girls are riding bumper cars at a theme park.
A young happy blonde boy looks at the camera.
A girl is standing in front of a kitchen sink.
she then shows the cleanliness of the dish off to the camera.
the kid holds a cleaner and cleans the sink and polish the sink with a cloth.
The little boy wearing a blue outfit is swinging in the park.
A little girl wearing a red coat is swinging in the park.
Little girl wearing a red jacket is talking directly into the camera.
A man in a black suit and a woman in a white gown dance in front of a room filled with people eating dinner, on a platform with fireworks, smoke and a live saxophone player playing music in a white suit and hat.
a jungle is shown and a fruit fall from a tree.
The squirrel leans into a coffee cup using its front limbs.
The squirrel bobs his head in and out of the coffee cup.
He then holds several other things too.
He then varnishes some wood.
A man mounts a beam in front of the judges.
He spins and turns around on the beam, performing several gymnastics moves.
A small group of people are seen sitting on bikes while others watch on the side.
They continue riding around past one another while looking around.
An animation is shown of a ball game on a court.
A man is shown talking in front of a screen.
The male athlete put the ball on his neck, swing and then threw the ball, the short man did the same, the ball landed on the field.
A group of kids in a gymnasium play Rock, Paper, Scissors.
A girl wearing a blue jacket runs across the gymnasium to the other side.
The camera man pans across the gymnasium where many children are running and playing the game.
A man is seen looking to the camera holding up a brush.
The man then begins brushing his hair all along the sides.
A woman is working on grooming a dog.
She brushes his fur as he sits on a table.
She stands up and balances, jumping off the beam.
Two people are standing behind a kitchen counter.
They begin to cook and stir ingredients.
A young man is sitting on a rowing machine with a red and white polo shirt,Adidas sweat shorts,and Adidas shoes.
A helicopter is flying over a mountain scene.
They ride the kayaks through the rough waters.
He continues shooting the gun and showing off his shots in the end.
The camera pans and we see the class as a lady in black pants joins.
We see the class and the teacher as they perform the routine.
The routine finishes and the class claps for the teacher.
Shortly after,he removes his hand from the black stick and demonstrates its use making sure to hold it up with his arms at a ninety degree angle.
Finally,the guy takes a break from talking and releases the bow and aims at the target.
Several tricks are shown while someone narrates the tricks.
A weed wacker is shown on the ground.
A large group of people are seen running around a track.
When she is finished scrubbing the shoe,she takes the sponge,wipes it off and continues talking about the process of cleaning the shoe.
A young man wearing a green shirt is talking about the techniques involved in rock climbing.
Two young men are seen climbing the wall while being suspended on ropes.
There's another young man who is demonstrating how to climb up the wall while holding onto the wall mounts.
The man in the green shirt explain the technique as he points to the wall to show the significance of each rock and its height.
A man pulls up his socks and puts on a pair of gloves.
The people look at the camera and lead into several clips of people wake boarding and riding jet skis.
He wipes some car cleaner on the driver's side door and polishes it.
He drives off in the car.
a young man stands and plays the saxophone.
the man then plays the saxophone while sitting.
Pictures of people on a boat is shown.
After, a group of people gets ready to rafting.
A man is seen spinning in circles and throwing a discuss off into the distance.
Another man takes his turn and ends by receiving flowers and walking away.
More clips are shown of people spinning around and throwing the object and walking away.
Some of the people are skating on inline skates.
They weave in and out of the foot traffic.
A man is seen bending over and stretching followed by throwing a ball in the distance.
Several more boys are shown afterwards throwing a shot put into the distance.
They walk around a bit and continue throwing the ball.
Then, the man raises the weight until the shoulders.
As she is sitting down,man come around for her to polish their shoes and they all begin to stair down her shirt watching her breast move rapidly.
Once the men sit down,they all begin to get closer to look down her shirt while her head is down before they all slap themselves in the face when she tells them they were being filmed the whole time.
the woman the picks up a glass and holds it.
things are being poured on the woman.
Two men are seen walking on a sidewalk and then talking inside a building, and then on a roof attaching equipment with ropes and pulleys.
Then the same man gets out on a rope between buildings very high up, and balances, then carefully walks across the rope while music plays in the background.
the man move the peircing with the tweezer to put it in place and the woman talks with him.
she and a friend, then several others are shown in images and videos being silly together.
they go parasailing across the ocean on boats.
A close up of a car is seen followed by the woman washing the car.
A man notices nearby as he cuts the grass as well as a dog in the car.
A man is standing inside his living room.
He then shows how to use cleaner on the floor and wax it clean.
A man then takes the boot and smooths it down.
The man slide down the rocks and waves in the water.
The man's canoe flip over and the water dragged him through.
He continues to jump and spin around.
After that, she doesn't say anything else and the boy is seen pushing the lawnmower in different directions and the woman speaks again.
In the end, the boy is tired and is still mowing the lawn while the woman says good job desmin.
A man in a blue shirt kicks a yellow soccer ball and scores a goal.
Rapid white waters of a river are shown.
A man in a kayak is battling the waves.
A little girl is holding a pink bat.
The kids move the poles all around while laughing with one another.
The kids continue to play on the table.
They use tubes to slide down a steep hill.
A man and a woman spray paint something hanging on a metal bike rack.
The camera pans to show several individuals in and near a building with a large number of bicycles and bicycle parts inside and outside, with many of them interacting with the bicycles and parts.
The soccer segment of the news report ends.
A man is sitting on a horse holding a rope.
A calf is released from a pen and he chases after it.
The man jumps off his horse and ties the legs of the calf.
The calf gets up and gets back on his horse.
The woman then begins dancing with a man on stage while holding a crown.
They join together in a gym to joust.
A man and woman gear up and parry with each other.
A pregnant woman is standing in a room.
She dips wall paper into a black bucket.
She puts the wall paper on the wall of a shelf behind her.
A hardwood floor is shown on the ground.
The camera hangs off of a balcony.
Another person stands in front of them and licks his finger.
An man play a song on his harmonica seated at home.
The man vigorously moves the harmonica back and forth over the entire range of notes from going from one end immediately back to the other.
She picks up a black hair dryer.
A motocross rider rides his red dirt bike over some small Whoop-De-Dos.
A group of motocross riders perform some jumps at high speed from multiple directions.
A group of motocross riders ride on the motocross course performing tricks and other riding skills.
A cat is sitting on top of a white sheet.
It is licking its paws over and over again.
She then paints black dots on them.
She then coats them with a finisher.
A collage of still photos shows people eating.
Three people are eating ice cream out of cups with their fingers.
The woman on the far end finishes hers first, followed by the other two.
Credits animate on the screen.
A group of men are on top of a roof.
They move around on top of the house.
She stands up, and takes her friend's hand.
man is standing in a sidewalk talking to the camera in a square and a lot of people are walking behind him.
man is walking in the stands of the bullring along with othe people.
bullfighters walks in the court and are bullfighting.
A dog is standing in a bath tub.
They start drying the dog off with a towel.
He smooths the tiles gently into place.
The man brushes snow from the windshield.
kids are in a room playing and enters in a small white playhouse.
The two collaborate to mix the bag and some other ingredients in a large bowl.
The two place the baking sheet in an oven.
The two girls remove the baking sheet from the oven.
The two girls sit with a plate of baked cookies between them.
An ending black screen with text is shown.
A man demonstrates how to spray varnish a chest of drawers using a spray nozzle varnish hose.
A man sprays a chest of drawers with varnish while standing barefoot outdoors.
The man covers the entire chest from the very top to the bottom with the spray varnish which is coming from a long hose attached to a metal pump.
The man cuts paper with the knife.
An advertisement for their website appears along the logo.
A woman is riding a stationary bike.
She continues to ride the bike while speaking to the camera.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing on a snowboard.
He begins inching his way down a hill and laying on the ground.
He stands up and continues riding down the hill past others.
We see a mans hands gestures towards wood.
The man rubs mica powder in wax on the piece of  trim.
A person scores a goal several times and cheers with team mates.
A man is seen walking down a gravel pathway with a white cord strapped across his chest.
Then, the woman polish the fingernail of the index of a person using a nail file.
After, the woman gives form to the nails with the nail file.
a man is shown running on a field.
Two men are together in a room.
They are engaged in practicing jousting.
They jab and stab at each other with swords.
A group is gathered inside a building.
They begin dancing in unison.
People are running down a street.
A woman in shorts is running down the street.
A group of people are in attached innertubes at the top of a snowy hill.
The group rides down hill with the camera pointed up the hill.
He continues stretching over and over again.
The kid in blue goes first, then the kid in red goes.
the water eventually calms and the man paddles at regular speed.
A person is seen riding down a snowy mountain on a snowboard.
She demonstrates by adding multiple cornrows to the woman's hair.
A little boy is climbing up the stairs of a play gym, he stops once and points at a red tube opening but passes it.
The individual gets dragged forward and begins wakeboarding with the camera capturing the individual from a low angle.
The individual releases the tether and begins to sink into the water.
The young man is swinging on two poles.
He walks down his pathway as he picks up the snow in his shovel and piles it up on top of the heap of snow.
After he's done, he keeps the shovel down and walks back into the house.
Another man is shown tattooing his arm while looking to the camera.
A woman is working outside in the yard.
man is holding a microphone leading the step group.
"a camel ride-desrt of doha-Qatar" is shown on screen.
A family stands around a sitting camel while the little boy pats his head.
A young boys filters sand in his hand.
The camel sits and the people get off his back.
The people play a game of poker while speaking to the camera.
A rectangular bowl of cake is top of stove followed by the ingredients and equipments list.
The girl starts to make the cake with the written instruction at the bottom.
A woman is sitting on the ground peeling a fruit with a knife.
People are standing up next to them in front of a table.
A man is talking to the camera.
A logo is shown that says Le Meilleur Du Beach Soccer.
man is showing to the camera hot to mill a wall.
Edrum attic logo and title card appear.
A man in a black polo shirt is sitting in front of an electronic drum set.
More pairs of women are shown adding sand in their buckets and making their castles in the dirt together.
The man stands up in front of the camera.
The man turns circles showing off his shoes.
The man kneels down and shoes the camera the bottom of the shoes.
the man sits down and rubs the shoes on each other and continues to show them off.
The man bends forwards and turns off the camera.
Some people are at the top of a snowy hill.
After, the man drains the penne pasta and put it in a pot.
Next, the man adds sauce and water.
The crowd watching them play cheers.
A man misses the ball and it goes off the court.
He is holding a racquet and ball in his hands.
They pour soap around the rim of the tire.
A person holds a tiki torch to the tire.
the players mostly kick the ball in the center of the court.
a man is wearing sunglasses and singing on stage.
Two men are seen standing on a platform with one holding the other.
A young man is riding down the road on a skateboard in his neighborhood before eventually falling down on the ground.
A large group of people are seen standing together with a man running in front.
The man continues to lead the group dancing and ends by him walking forward.
A woman uses a spray and a comb on a horse's mane and tail while another woman holds the horse steady.
The horse is shown running in an enclosed pasture.
The woman continues to clean the horse's mane and tail.
two person are playing on a tennis court.
Two men are seen speaking to the camera in front of an exercise equipment.
The other man uses the machine while the first speaks to the camera.
They bounce and serve the ball one at a time.
They get into the river water in tubes.
A video is shown of an outdoor water ski camp for kids.
A graphic screen is shown with the camp logo, followed by a website address, sponsors of the camp, the media company and it's website address and a slogan.
Many people speak to the camera as people ski around public places.
A woman is seen ironing a shirt and speaking to the camera.
A young boy with a short haircut is standing in a room talking into the camera.
She begins pressing the front and then flips it over to ensure the back doesn't have any wrinkles in it either.
During the process,a small white dog runs under the ironing bard and the lady begins doing the sleeves.
A person's hands are then seen scrubbing soap into their hands.
And then comes on and talks about some key points to remember when doing a  flooring project.
He then proceeded to show a method of balancing tiles on my floor with a string.
The video in the closing credits and graphics shown on the screen.
There's a woman sitting in her bedroom talking about how to wear contact lenses.
Then she adjusts her upper lid to make sure the lens has fitted in properly.
Then she uses her fingers to show how to correctly flex the lens before wearing them.
Then she signs off from the tutorial and waves goodbye.
A close up of a tire is seen followed by a man using a bar to undo it.
A large red truck is parked by gravel.
Another truck appears, and uses a hose to weed back into the second truck.
The bowler bowls another ball using both hands and makes another strike.
the man then drinks from the glass.
He rotates it around to show his surroundings.
He is in the desert with several other people.
The old man used a thong to pierce the side of the woman's mouth.
The old man put an accessory on the woman's lower lip.
More clips are shown of people playing instruments and dancing while the men perform martial arts.
The man is under the water with his head up.
The man is wakeboarding swaying side the side.
She continues to pull out more and more cards.
There are two players playing lacrosse in an outdoor field while their coach is giving them instructions by the goal net.
The coach is holding the lacrosse stick in his hand as he demonstrates how to move the body and use the right techniques in lacrosse.
While the coach explains, the two players watch him from the side, near the goal net.
The coach continues to explain by using hand gestures and moving the lacrosse stick to hold it in the correct manner that is suitable for the game.
a man adjusts the camera on a back porch.
He sits in front of a computer talking to the camera.
He then shows how to do something on the computer.
A girl stand inside a garage with darts in her hands.
The girl throws darts at a circle dart board.
A woman stands in front of a fence with a dog in the background and talks to the camera.
A man joins the woman in talking to the camera and then the man begins to paint the wooden fence with a brush.
The woman returns to talk to the camera again.
woman grabs a box and a wrap a box on blue paper.
the woman cut paper and wrap a small box into a christmas paper.
woman grab a red and golden paper and wraps a whiskey box.
A white sand covered beach is shown by the ocean.
A little girl wakes up and rises her sister.
He starts sharpening the knife in his hand.
A boy rolls his sail boat to the water and begins sailing in a competition.
Clips of the boy sailing and jumping from side to side on each tack.
A woman is seen close up to the camera.
People play beach volleyball while other people watch.
Men talk on front people playing volleyball.
A man is seen standing on a roof with a small child.
The two continue to work together and walk around the roof.
A woman picks out a piercing to get done.
a technician gloves up and applies the piercing for her.
Once the balls are screwed in,he takes a napkin and dabs away the blood before holding up a mirror for the girl to see.
A man is seen pushing a lawn mower with a small child behind him.
The man stops and the boy stands right beside him.
They are trying to solve rubik's cubes puzzles.
A close up of wood is seen following by a person walking into frame and cutting the wood.
The person cuts up several more pieces of wood.
They are engaged in a game of beer pong.
The shot put attempt is replayed.
A group is gathered on a raft in a river.
A group of people are at the base of a cliff.
They are putting on their equipment.
They then rapel up the side of the cliff.
Two cookies on a plate with a glass of milk next to it.
Balls of dough on a sheet of wax paper in a pan in the oven are taken out and rolled into a ball.
The people crash into one another while stopping to smile and laugh to the camera.
The people continue bumping into one another and end by getting up and walking out.
A man in a blue shirt is playing bag pipes.
The man finishes playing and sets the bag pipes down.
She begins to blow dry her hair with a round brush.
Two men go on stage and fight each other.
A man is shown running down a track and smiling to the camera.
He sprays himself with water while continuing to run.
The person shows off the tools to the camera.
Many men are around a swimming pool in their swimsuits for competitive style swimming.
Then they are shown playing a water sport that involves making goals with a yellow ball in the pool, while referees in white stand by.
another man with clippers cuts the sitting man's beard.
An iron is shown sitting on a counter top.
Another man takes a turn break dancing in the circle followed by another.
He stands up and talks to the camera.
He sits down on an exercise machine and starts to work out again.
She places powder in his ears while he lies still.
The outside of a house is shown.
Several people are seen sitting and working on the roof of the house.
They perform the same choreography with one another while looking off in the distance.
young women are barely dressed on a hockey field.
a boy stands next to a pinata with a stick in his hand.
A person then shaves the mans leg while speaking to the camera.
The ski technician now tests the skis and demonstrate cross country skiing on a cross country trail.
The man in gray shirt is running towards the end of the track field.
The man in white shirt is walking in the field.
A dog is on the other end, and she tries to lead the dog around.
A man is seen moving in and out of frame assembling a bike.
The man puts parts all over the frame while continuing to move in and out of frame.
He continues piecing together the bike and shows the finished bike.
Several people are gathered on a court on a beach.
Players are gathered inside the ring together.
several shots of the grand canyon and it's tourists are shown.
We see two teams of me playing soccer in doors.
The white team all hugs up close.
We see a man make a goal and the white team hugs again.
We see the yellow team all hug each other.
Number nine on the white team runs around the  court.
A man spins a ball on his finger.
A large group of people are seen running around a field holding sticks.
The men throw a ball around while playing a game of lacrosse.
A car wash is shown with women wearing provacative clothing.
the boy then drops the drumsticks, poses, then walks off of the stage.
A woman runs on the track and then jumps long on a sand box, after she walks and a man shows her performance.
However, the third participant runs, but fails to perform the long jump.
They are marching around playing drums.
People are standing on the sidelines in front of them watching.
man is walking to a bench tie his laces and waks to a futball field and holding a ball with his foot and its watching a futsal game.
man in the green grassy futball field start doing tricks with the foot and the ball showing how to do it.
He gets up and runs and jumps on a pair of stilts.
A man is practicing karate moves in a gym.
A woman is standing in a kitchen surrounded by floating images of foods.
She mixes the ingredients together and makes a bundt cake.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a title screen and see the man start to throw and see the stance of his feet while throwing and see him transfer his weight.
We see the man's leg swing analyzed and the shoulder position.
We see the mans feet and his knees as he extends his arm.
There's an indoor badminton court where some doubles tennis matches are going on while some spectators watch them play.
One of the players returns the serve from her opponent as she slices the shuttlecock while her doubles partner volleys the shuttlecock to her opponent.
The team continue playing as they keep score of their match.
There's a tattoo artist wearing blue gloves inking a tattoo on a client's arm in a tattoo parlor.
The tattoo artist is drawing a design on the client's wrist and wipes off the excess ink on the sides.
After the entire design is completed, the client shows her arm and what is written on it.
Two men are cleaning the inside and then the hood of the car.
A single hand of an artist is painting a picture on canvas.
With more work, the image begins to take shape in that of a flower.
The main part of the picture comes to life when the white flower petals are seen.
A woman in the bathroom is speaking to a little brown dog that is in the bathroom with her.
When she is done she waves to the camera and the video ends.
A girl is seen standing on a mat look down at the floor.
She continues flipping and looking at the ground.
An individual wearing a protective mask welds something on a table.
She has shaving cream on her legs.
She begins to shave her legs.
She then lathers the other leg and shaves it.
The young child is freely skiing but the adult is trailing close behind them.
As they continue,they encounter another pair of people doing the same thing.
woman is talking to teh camera wearing big sunglasses and behind her a family is sanding behind a suv talking.
woman is wearing black shorts playing squash in a room.
man wearing a yellow shirt and playing squash.
Two men are wrestling in a ring.
People are standing around them watching.
They engage in a long race to the finish line.
A man comes onto the screen thanking his viewers for the comments they have made about his videos.
When he is done he turns off the camera.
A large group of mostly women and one man wearing green tops and black bottoms are standing in an indoor gymnasium and they each jump and do their routine with their own jump ropes.
A man wearing a grey shirt bowls a ball down the lane.
His companions a man with a beard and a blond and a brunette woman sit in a booth watching.
A camera pans around a tractor and shows the man adjusting settings.
He shows how to lean holding the pole.
He applies putty to a hole in the wall.
the ladies then disburse behind the bar to prepare a drink.
A man plays the drums with two sticks.
Two girls play kickball in the backyard.
She then gets out to end the inning.
Several people are on some bumper cars at an amusement park riding and bumping into each other.
The ride ends and everyone gets out of their car an begins to exit the ride.
a man is in a bathroom talking to the camera.
the man takes clippers and begins cutting his beard.
the man continues to talk to the camera as he cuts his hair.
Then she bakes it and shows how to frost it.
Two men are assembling a bicycle on a stand.
They put the tires onto the bike.
They put the pedals on the bike.
A woman is standing in a barn.
the woman throws a blue frisbee across the field.
A large guila monster and several porcupines are seen.
People ride camels through the enclosure, looking at the animals.
A woman is standing outside a garage.
She is talking but keeps messing up.
A young girl stands at the back of a diving board practicing.
The people swim around and laugh with one another as well as jumping off cliffs and riding their bodies down the river.
A man is wearing a hoodie while standing next to his garden.
A man is wearing all red in a park.
Young man lifts up his ankle.
A gymnast is seen standing with her arms out and jumps onto a beam.
After, a man water ski on ramp while an helicopter flies close to him.
People water ski over a ramp or pulley by a boat.
Then, the young woman braids her hair.
After the woman puts the hair on front her face and brush it.
The woman standing up starts brushing the other woman's hair.
The man grabs a microphone then walks towards the end of the stage, someone throws him his white hat that flew off of his head and he puts it on.
Nail base coat is brushed on the nail, then the white nail polish is applied.
Children in canoes are being filmed paddling on a lake.
Afterwards the siding of a house is shown in pictures with a before and after.
A person is mixing ingredients into a clear bowl.
They mix the ingredients together in the bowl.
He listens to music on his headphones while he mows.
He goes around the yard, covering all of it before stopping.
a woman is then interviewed.
The crowd cheers for her.
She claps her hands and kneels down onto the track.
An animal is being held by a person.
They take a mask off of the animal and look at its teeth.
He also comments about different aspects of the show while being interviewed.
He closes the video with a quick goodbye and the closing credits are shown on the screen.
The guy uses the orange tool to remove pieces of the roof.
The hairstylist then places her braided hair into a bun.
The hairstylist uses hair pins to secure the braided hair bun.
boy stands on top of a slide.
A little girl is standing in front of a kitchen island.
She tries to grind the lemon on a juicer.
He then grabs a hose and begins smoking from the hookah.
He blows out the smoke and continues speaking to the camera.
a group of man is shown on a kickball field.
the same man is then shown in a pool.
the man is then shown in various pictures.
We see two opening title screens.
We see two men in fatigues doing sit ups outside in the grass with instructions on the screen while one man is holding the legs of a man in the sit up positions.
We see the closing ending credits.
Then various ingredients are shown and he goes through the process of making some sandwich rolls with tortilla.
They go to a large cliff and put on equipment.
A group of people are together in a room.
He then drinks the beer from the sides of the cans.
Several clips of scenery are shown as well as people riding in a boat.
More clips are shown of people wake boarding on the water and performing jumps and tricks.
man is standing in forn of a net in a soccer game while players are preparing to make a fee kick.
A man is standing in a room.
dark wood is shown and men are in front of a big firewood.
A man talks to the camera  and an unseen person on his right while holding a sword in a glove covered hand.
The man begins to point to the sword and move it around using different techniques.
An old man is pointing the map and then talking to the other guy then two men carried the canoe near the river.
A man is seen standing in front of a sink and washes his face with water.
Finally he grabs a towel and wipes his face off and sits in front of the camera.
After, the woman mops the floor and wash it in the pail turning the handle, then the person squeeze the mop and cleans the floor again the floor.
The person shows again how to wash and drain the mop, then mopping the floor.
man is in a workshop and puts a glove in his hand and grab a weld machine.
man is standing in a bowling thwogin the ball to the pins.
Two men play squash in a room with a glass wall.
The man on front hits the ball to the wall.
After, the man stop playing and walk.
man drinks mouthwash and then is talking to girls with a really fresh breath.
A man sits inside, drinking a cup of coffee.
A man exercise on a rowing machine pulling a handle and moving forward and backward.
Then, the man increases the resistance of the machine and continue exercising.
a woman speaks the the camera while spinning a hula hoop around her arm.
the woman then takes the hula hoop and places it around her hips.
two women are standingin a bathoom in fnot of a miror and one of the women is washing her hands.
then the other woman do the same and wash her hands with soap and dry them with blotting paper.
A man stands in front of several beers on a table while two others watch.
A woman walks onto a basketball court.
the two men then walk over to an exercise machine.
the talking man continues to talk with the other man demonstrates exercises.
A river with white rapids and a group of tubers wearing yellow helmets float in the distance.
After, the man hits a yellow ball with a stick.
The old man continues playing croquet, then he shakes hands with a person.
Another woman rides in front of her as they walk down the desert.
She has a bowl filled with water and is rinsing the silverware in the bowl, then placing it over on the right in the rack.
Then they start to actually make the drink themselves and when they're done, they toast and begin drinking.
A man removes a cup from a coffee machine.
He takes a drink, and obviously enjoys it.
A "UCT Wakeboarding" logo appears on screen.
Several young people in swimsuits walk out to the pier on the water.
They all jump off a tall pier into the water and swing on a rope into the water.
Two women light each others cigarettes.
Young man starts to solve a rubiks cube.
Next, they are shown practicing how to wakeboard in a pool while the man discusses the techniques.
As the girl wakeboards several people cheer for her from the boat.
He dismounts, throwing his arms up in the air.
Two sumo wrestlers compete in a ring on front a crowd, the short sumo takes out the ring to the bigger one and a picture is shown.
They start racing on the dirt and you can see them going high in the air.
the dirt looks a little wet and muddy like it was raining previously but that obviously does not matter to the racers.
this is their hobby, what they do for fun on their down time.
Several scenes of different kinds of weather are shown.
a man walks a tight rope hanging over a pool.
the man falls in the pool.
another man walks a tight rope in a park.
On the right,a man is kneeling down,laying down the rest of the blue tile in the pool.
A large bull is injured inside a ring.
He is smoking from a hookah pipe.
They are rowing their oars to move through the waves.
A group of people are running around inside a gym.
They are acting silly, riding each other for the camera.
the man then installs a new roof.
He is forcing the child's eyelids open.
The baby is falling asleep despite what the man is doing.
A woman is standing at an outside event.
They are using jump ropes to twirl, spin, and flip.
A black tool clip is sitting on a wooden table by itself and then suddenly someone grabs it and begins to turn it,to show the tools inside.
A bike then appears and the person starts to move the seat back and forth illustrating its looseness.
Several hair tools are shown on a table.
A man shows his hair off.
A woman shaves the back of his hair.
Another man appears next to him.
He guides the camel back to the starting point.
A young man waits on a racetrack.
Now the same skaters are Skating during he night time.
Now they are skating handrails at the park during the day.
Skating through New York City again during the day.
man is in a bricked sidewalk doing a shot put.
A man dressed in protective gear and wearing a metal mask is sitting on metal stool in front of a metal table.
The man is holding a tool in his right arm and the camera zooms in to show what it is while the man continues to talk.
A man in black shades interviews with  a camera, while sitting in front of a body of water.
man is standing in front of a horse in a barn.
A man is talking outside a house.
Two women are sitting down on a couch watching a man who is standing in their living room with bag pipes.
Another couple appears and shows their reactions before the ladies come back and begin laughing.
the woman takes out the curls and shows her wavy hair talking to the camera and walking in the room.
A female gymnast mounts a high bar.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and begins wrapping a box.
She tapes down the box and presents it to the camera.
Four kids are seen jumping on a bed with one another.
the woman then grabs a pair of running stilts and demonstrates them.
several people then go through a city park on the running stilts.
woman opens the car trunk and grab some tools and the spare tire and is showing how to change the tire.
He pours ice into a glass, then adds different liquors.
a man and a woman start dancing tango in the middle of stage.
people are sitting around stage watching the couple dance.
A man is skateboarding down city roads.
He winds down the road, falling down and then walking for a while.
An exercise bike is on a tiled floor.
A gymnast is seen standing with his arm up and walking towards uneven bars.
He begins swinging around on the bars over and over.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a box.
He leaves and pushes the lawn mower somewhere else.
A close up of a contact lens holder.
A large truck cake is shown, a smaller one next to it, and the toy truck is also there.
The man is back at the large light gray counter and in a sped up motion the man is shown with various different supplies as he assembles a very large truck cake that was previously shown.
When the cake is all done the camera pans the whole cake so the details can be seen and once again we see the smaller scale cake and the toy.
A white screen appears with his logo on the left, and all of his detailed information for his shop and contact information on the right.
a woman stands in front of a window pane.
the woman then points to several parts of the window.
the woman cleans the exterior of the window.
A woman is seen swinging her arms around with another behind her.
The girl moves their arms up while others behind them play basketball.
The girls continue moving their arms around one another.
The lady in pink in the back right is lost and stops trying.
The people are scuba diving through the rocks and waters.
Instead of arm wrestling the man on the left uses his two hands to pull down the one fist of the man on the right.
They struggle for a short while, and as soon as the guy on the right is using all his might the man on the left let's his fist go and the man on the left accidentally punches his own face and knocks his glasses off.
Three people are sitting on the couch while a man is holding a bagpipe and another woman sitting on the floor.
The man began playing his bagpipe while the woman get up and sat on the couch.
The man stop playing and the woman in blue began laughing and singing.
A small child is seen speaking to the camera and showing off a bathing suit.
men on horse back sit with polo clubs in hand.
They continue down the hill together, tubing as they go.
A young brunette girl is standing as she holds onto a bike tire and white words on the screen appear that read "Bicycle Clinic #1" and "Alice Griffith (Double Rock) June 25,2011".
Children are riding their bikes and the white words appear on the screen and read "The Bayview BOOM bvhpradio org/boom".
In the end she puts on lipstick and smiles.
woman is sitting in front of a table talking to the camera and showing a bottle of lemonade.
the woman use a plastic funnel to pass the juice to a big pot and mix it with sugar and water.
Cars and money are shown as well as more text and pictures of people drinking coffee.
The man with headphones is standing and talking to the camera.
The old man did a handstand on his one hand.
She lifts her legs up in the air on the beam.
A group of girls sit on the sideline watching.
A countdown is shown that leads into clips of people scoring goals.
People skate around the ice while the video counts down continuously.
They are ready for nationals at this point and are planning to do great and are grateful for being able to practice at a nice place.
He grabs a ball and throws it down a lane.
people is behind a fence watchnig the game in a sunny day.
men are in a group cheering the team.
They paint the floor and put a pad on it.
They put hardwood floors over the padding.
A graphic from the bottom of the screen appears with a yellow logo and blue letters and directly below the man his name in white letters.
An intro screen appears and white words on the screen appear that say "100 % BMX RACE 4".
Various clips of different boys all dressed up in their protective bike gear play as they are all shown riding their bikes very quickly around different tracks.
From the view point of a rider, boys are riding around a track and suddenly a rider in front loses their balance and the rider falls off their bike and the camera man just rides on by avoiding hitting the fallen rider and the bike, and it plays twice.
A person is seen sitting in a kayak with two men behind him.
A black screen with title text of team names and a date is shown.
A number of people play a lacrosse game in a stadium while watched by several referees and spectators.
One team seems to successfully score and celebrates.
View of a large body of water with a city around it, the words "Oakland - California - USA" are overlaid.
A person is holding a large knife in a kitchen.
a man throws a frisbee towards the dog.
the man and dog perform several tricks as a crowd watches.
We then get a quick glimpse of the goddess her chest covered in the suds heaves and teases.
The woman is showing her knitted item.
a small boy walks with a paint roller in his hand.
the boy dips the paint roller in a paint holder.
Two people are in canoes are paddling down rapids on a river.
One of them is stopped at a bank where there is a person in a blue canoe.
With other people in canoes going by the person in their canoe passes under a bridge.
A person pours dressing into a bowl.
A woman is standing in front of a truck in a driveway.
She scoops it up and throws it off the side of the driveway.
The train is moving forward as the buildings are lit up.
The man began brushing the shoes and pour some clear liquid.
A man is seen smiling to the camera holding a beer in a tube.
He continues to ride down while the cameraman swings around.
The people hang on to the ends and she paddles away.
A new individual runs into frame from below holding some sort of ball.
A man is shown playing an instrument while others walk around him.
He looks off into the distance and continues to play the saxophone.
The guy brushes his teeth.
The guy drinks a beverage.
The guy now fully clothed dances.
The men continue to play and walk around.
Men in purple and yellow sweatsuits run around on a basketball court in an arena taking turns shooting balls in preparation for a game.
a faucet is running water.
the girl dries her hands then throws the towel against the wall.
someone comes after the girl and turns off the faucet.
It has two casts on its front feet.
A couple of wrestlers are fighting in a ring.
One grabs the other before slamming him down.
A man changes clothing behind his vehicle.
A woman is laying in a bed.
A man is talking from behind a bar.
He pours ice into a glass, then adds several kinds of liquor.
A large group of people are seen running around a field and cheering with one another.
Several clips are shown of lacrosse players scoring goals and celebrating with one another.
A man is standing in a kitchen.
A man puts olive oil into a boiling pot on the stove.
He puts noodles into the pot.
A hand take the brush and showing it to the camera, she is touching the bristle.
A little girl is shown standing in front of a sink.
She then rinses the cup off under the faucet.
Two men engage in a game of arm wrestling.
A man is holding onto a woman while they do ballet.
They continue showing several moves that can be learned at the school.
The wave knocks him off his board into the water.
He continues surfing, maintaining his balance.
A man is seen leading a blindfolded child holing a stick.
The girl begins hitting a pinata.
She measures and cuts paper, then tapes it together around the gift.
A woman is standing up brushing her hair.
She finishes and looks up.
He takes a bite of a raw potato and chews it.
The individual puts the squeegee down.
Group of people are skiing down the slope.
A gymnast is seen walking forward and raising his arms out to the side.
A woman is seen drinking from a cup and speaking to a man.
Several BMX riders are shown doing tricks and riding on the track.
Several people are seen swimming inside a large pool.
They hit the ball back and forth over the net.
In the second half, the teams continues playing and scoring.
After, a player from the winner teal and a coach speaks.
A woman walks into a room as people watch.
She goes into a pose and begins dancing.
A man is seen riding around on a skateboard and performing a trick.
He continues to ride around on the board past others sitting around.
The bull starts fighting a black and white striped bull.
Elevated scenes of the gathered crowd are shown.
She pours olive oil onto the food and squeezes a lemon on top.
two men stand across each other at a ping pong table.
A man in a hat is playing a game of Foosball.
A person is pushing a lawn mower through the grass.
A close up of an underwater ship is shown sitting in the sand.
Once all of his garments are on,they are inside of a building and fighting on another.
A man is talking outside a house.
She is doing several tricks and stunts with a jump rope.
A man demonstrates how to use a electric knife sharpener to sharpen a knife and shows how sharp the knife is after being sharpened by slicing tomatoes.
A girl is on a basketball court in front of a crowd.
The camera cuts to multiple scenes of various riders taking small jumps.
On one jump in particular the camera slows down a jump where a rider almost hits another but the collision is avoided.
The camera resumed watching various riders taking small jumps until it cuts to a black background with text on it.
A man is seen standing on a diving board looking off into the distance.
They stand up and go back to their seats.
a man stands on a track field a sphere in his hand.
Several swimmers idle in a pool in a line while an audience watches.
A man is seen playing drums on a stage while speaking to the audience.
He continues playing drums while other people play instruments around him.
A man is standing and talking in front of a white wall.
He swings the bat and hits the ball against the wall again.
A little girl lets her brother out of a stroller.
a woman is standing on her back patio.
A group of people are seen standing on a stage in front of others.
They continue dancing around and performing with the jump ropes.
A man is seen looking at the camera and holding onto a hookah.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
He is putting shaving cream onto his face.
People are playing pool at a pool table.
men are extreme riding on catamarans on a sea and going on sids fot the wind.
She begins cutting the cat's claws while the cat squirms around a bit.
A leaf is floating through the murky ocean water.
They are both wearing boxing gloves.
They hit the ball over each other, trying to get it into the net.
The boy turns the law mower and mows towards the left of the field, then down.
The first man snowboards downhill while keeping the camera on himself.
The man cleans the camera lens of snow.
The group of people engage in a paintball game in an undulating field.
A black screen with white text is shown.
Three men are seen playing instruments with one another.
The young man  plays a game of rock paper scissors with pedestrians in in a plaza area.
A person uses a bike chain pedals and a wheel to power a small generator.
They then paint using the brushes.
A group of girls are dancing on a stage.
The man opened a bottle, rubbed the bottle on the ski board.
A little girl in a white hat is playing with sand on a beach.
A woman is sitting behind her in the sand.
The woman gets up and walks away and the child follows her.
The man move his arms around him as he moves.
The young man is shaving his leg.
A man is brushing his teeth.
He demonstrates how to slide down the ramp on a pair of skis.
He takes a wrench and adjusts the seat.
He mounts the bicycle to test the seat position.
A person is standing in a bath tub.
They step out of the bath tub onto a towel.
A boy in a blue shirt is walking behind the lawn mower.
Then they jump out and shoot at each other with the paint bullets.
The woman brushed her hair as she talked to the camera.
buttons are placed one by one on a table.
a woman hair is being sprayed by another woman.
then the woman's hair gets brushed.
A woman lowers herself in front of a barbell.
She lifts it up to her chest and pauses.
Then the man stands on his feet and dives backwards into the water.
Next he stands far from the edge and runs to dive into the water.
A woman is crouched down painting a fence while talking with another girl in a yard.
Cupcake batter is squeezed out into trays which are loaded into the oven.
The young man rub himself on the floor.
A woman with purple hair is wearing headphones and talking.
A man is showing how to iron a shirt on an ironing board.
He is then shown talking about how to iron clothes to the camera.
A group of people are seen riding around on horses swinging sticks.
One scores a goal and they ride together and wave sticks in the air.
There are three black belt karate masters demonstrating and doing karate in a large gym with several spectators.
The three masters show synchronized karate chops and moves as they show striking moves with open and techniques while kicking with their right leg.
The they step back as the crowd applauds for them.
Then another master comes forward to punch a wooden baseball bat while two other masters kneel down and hold the bat.
A man mounts and rides a horse with the help of a woman while another man on a horse rides by.
A number of men on horses with polo mallets are shown together.
She then lifts the weights over her head.
She starts belly dancing and moving her hands.
vegetables are added to the pot.
all of the contents get mixed and cooked.
Two teams are playing tug of war.
People cheer in the audience.
She lays back down and makes motions with her hands.
A woman in the back of a classroom dances away to the music of the harmonica.
A team races toward the center of the pool in a line to retrieve the ball and start the game.
The ball is deflected by a defender and the goalie swims to recover it.
They begin chasing a ball with the sticks.
One grabs it and runs back to the girl.
Several people push rafts into the water.
After,he picks up a small white block and starts to sharpen and sand the knife making sure to be very gentle with it.
Finally,the packaged products are shown along with the information for you to purchase it.
A man is swimming in an indoor pool.
The water is shown crashing against ocean rocks.
He gets a workout as he pushes back and forth.
two guys stand across each at a bar with their hands locked.
the guys then laugh again.
A close up of products are shown leading into a woman holding a blow dryer.
She then straightens her hair afterwards and shows them side by side.
A couple of little boys are outside in a yard.
Hoops are floating in the water.
The woman is looking up the hops.
The man high fives other people and smiles.
A little girl is swinging in a swing.
She tilts backwards and looks behind her.
She smiles and waves at the camera.
He continues to play the drum set.
There's a man doing a tutorial in his yard, showing how to spray paint and rust proof the wheel of a truck.
Then he moves towards the truck and brings out a protective enamel spray on can that he intends to use on the wheel.
All the riders then go around a sharp turn.
Two riders at the back of the pack wiped out while turning.
He then begins throwing the ball around down the lanes.
a man stands behind a bar and starts talking.
the man then begins making and mixing a drink.
An individual gestures to his leg.
Another individual applies foam to the leg.
A couple of girls are on a gym court.
They use paddles to guide them over small waterfalls as they go.
A video is shown of people sideways.
They remove the tire and replace it with a new one.
A man is shown being interviews by the news and shows men preparing to wrestle.
The "Royal Opera House" appears on a black screen.
"Deloitte Ignite 14 Myth" advertisement is shown on screen with a website address.
A woman is in a bedroom talking to the camera.
The camera once again pans to a fourth table.
The camera pans around the entire room.
He spins around the beam multiple times.
Three woman are seen speaking to the camera and begin dancing together.
The women move all around the room while dancing together.
The continue dancing with one another and end by holding a pose.
Several people watch her jump rope.
A guy begins to explain that you will go over some key concepts about how to win rock, paper, scissors every time.
There's a swimmer standing in the pool showing how to apply sunscreen on the body using a stick.
The swimmer opens the stick of sunscreen and rolls it on his left hand first.
Then he smears it to spread it evenly on his entire hand.
He spreads the cream on both hands to evenly apply it on his skin for protection from the sun.
A group of people are seen standing outside speaking to one another.
One man is shown spraying down a fence.
More people walk around the area.
A logo is seen for 'Restore Stuff' and the words for the intro are "Miss Mustard Seed's Milk Paint, Just two tablespoons of Luckett's Green [add water according to directions]".
He cleans a contact lens in the palm of his hand.
A man and woman are standing inside a court.
They hit a ball against the wall multiple times.
They are engaged in a game of racquetball.
A man is jump roping next to water.
A glass is pouring wine into glasses with two people cheering.
Two people are then seen decorating a tree and helping one another.
A man is seen walking down a wooded path.
Three women and a man are gathered on a boat.
As the boat moves through the water, the women pose for pictures.
The man scores all the blue balls except one that gets stuck in the goal.
women are in a gym doing xtreme bike and a woman in front is leading them.
A gymnast is seen standing before a beam and pushes herself on top.
The girl continues flipping and twirling herself around and ends by jumping down on the side.
A woman is seated in an outdoor area.
She is banging a set of drums.
She continues playing, dancing in her seat.
A little girl is sitting on a chair.
A woman grabs a brush and brushes her cheek.
The two are shown several more times diving at the same time.
A man holds two razors in his hands.
A man comes behind him from the USA and makes a shorter jump in the competition.
A group of people are watching a game.
A man is talking on a cell phone.
She is talking while holding a plant in front of her.
He is using a racquet to hit a ball over a net.
They spin and twirl as the crowd watches.
They pull up the carpet with a tool.
More clips are shown of people sailing in the area.
the woman then unrolls the wall paper.
the woman then applies the wall paper to the wall.
People are sitting next to the court watching them.
First, the woman stands still for a few seconds and then begins running as she throws the javelin and many people are watching.
In the end, her score is shown and other people are shown doing things.
There's a woman in printed black and white shirt doing a tutorial on a cooking recipe in her kitchen.
He puts clothes into the sink and puts detergent onto them.
He rubs the clothes together under the faucet.
A washing machine is shown.
The logo "Creative Culinaire" appears on screen.
A woman is standing in front of a green background.
Her hand shakes along the chords as she continues to play.
A man leads the camel around in circles while the girl laughs to the camera.
The camel continues walking around and stops to let the girl off and walk down stairs.
She flips the food in the pan in the air a few times.
She wets a cloth over his face while still dancing and rubs cream all over his face.
She then shaves his face while still dancing around and the man smiling in the end.
the kid grabs a sponge and its cleaning a pot.
kid wash a white plate in front of the sink.
Several track athletes take turns running down the track.
She has a canvas and paints in front of her.
A white dog is sitting on the floor.
A girl does a hand stand on the floor and brushes her face with her foot.
A woman is sitting on the couch behind her.
A boy is shown holding a rubix cube and smiling to the camera.
He runs along city streets and the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Video of him running as the words "Join Me" appear on screen and he tries to pet the seal.
He finally pole volts himself over a bar and onto a mat.
The camera pans around the side of the room.
The camera then pans back to the middle of the roof.
A man body slams a fellow wrestler on the stage.
The referee runs around screaming at the wrestlers.
A woman is listening while a man is talking to her about a piercing.
The children standing are dressed in white and only some of them start to dance along to the music but stop when the men start doing their dance with the long blade knives.
A white skin man enters and does his knife routine with one of the brown men as the other one leaves, and they continue switching out and taking turns with this double knife dance with only two of them dancing at a time.
They walk around as commentators discuss the event.
Then in normal motion various people are snowboarding, we see it from first person view if a person is holding a long selfie stick, or the person filming others as different people snowboard down different snowy hills surrounded by a lot of trees.
A little girl is running on a beach as text appears on the screen.
The video shows her enjoying herself at an aquarium as fish and otters are shown as well as  her playing outdoors at the beach.
Then the fence is put down the bikers started racing with each other.
The bikers are cycling through the ramps as audiences are watching.
The girls run back and fourth past one another while still throwing around the ball.
A man stands in the grass at a park holding a kite  overlooking the downtown area of a city.
The kite flys around low then takes off into the sky as the man watches it.
The bright spots reappear on the screen.
A guy attacks repeatedly, kicking and punching.
A school band begins to march and play.
Lemons are juiced into a measuring cup.
She hits balls around goals on fake grass.
A man is standing on a track.
He jumps backwards over a bar.
A woman is seen standing on a stage and begins moving her arms around.
Young girl puts black mascara on her eyelashes.
She looks into the large mirror.
She smiles for the camera.
An older man walks nearby to the woman.
Ingredients are sitting on a wooden block.
The camera zooms out from a radio sitting on a counter.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins playing on a stage with people.
He continues to speak and play as well as showing him on stage.
When the video in the closing captions and credits are shown on the screen.
A man is leaning foward on a bench.
He stands up when the man is done with the lotion.
A man is seen standing before a skateboard and begins riding.
A man is seen standing with a younger man and hands him a pan.
The younger man begins cooking eggs while laughing with the older man.
The men cook together while mixing in more ingredients and presenting it on a plate.
A group of people are dancing in a hall.
People are twirling around on the floor.
She continues playing until she is finished.
A women narrates a news story about sand sculpting on the beach.
A man on the screen comments on the sand sculpting competition.
Clips of people are shown as the sculpt sand structures on the beach.
The man takes the dark piece of clothing and wrings it out in the pink bucket, then puts it in the yellow bucket for a few dunks in it, wrings it out in both the yellow and pink bucket then throws it into a dark green bucket.
A young boy is sitting down in a chair with a grey hoodie on getting his hair done.
As the camera moves,you can see a young woman standing in a chair blow drying his hair.
Once the drying has finished,the boy grabs the blow dryer and starts to blow dry his own hair.
A man is seen stretching outside and leads into him running.
The man runs all along a long road.
A woman with curly hair is shown close up.
After he has mentally prepared himself,the man jumps up from his feet into the lateral standing position.
Once he is up,another man appears next to him and illustrates the same thing.
This woman rides the white/brown horse under the shady trees for a little bit.
A workplace kitchen is shown and there are people in and out using it.
A man wheels in some red fruits or vegetables and someone takes the top box and he leaves the rest.
Several people are seen skating around the ice in black and white.
People skate around furiously with one man sweeping in the end.
Two people are sitting in chairs holding acoustic guitars.
They begin to play the guitars.
They stop playing and set the guitars on their laps.
She spins around continuously while still speaking to the camera.
A boy walks into the center of a court in front of judges.
He spins and flips with the rope.
We see an opening title screen with a Christmas tree in it.
A man stuffs a red and green striped mesh into parts of the tree so it hangs on the tree and creates bows in the mesh to decorate the tree.
He then adds bows of a gold lame fabric to the center between the two striped stripes and on the left side.
the boy then jumps in a pile of sand.
people are on side of the barn watching the man.
People bend over and work while the camera pans around.
A boy and a girl are standing at a child sized foosball table and playing.
The girl picks up the ball from the table, drops it on the ground, then picks it back up.
The child that isn't part of the game steals the ball and the girl tries to get it back from him and she cries as he puts it behind his back.
Two men are scrubbing the clothes using their hands.
He approaches the end, jumping up and down.
There's a man on stilts wearing a helmet running through the streets in a city.
The man is wearing a green shirt and helmet and running on the streets, passing houses with a coffee cup in his hands.
Some people on the streets watch the man stilts pass by them.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while people play shuffleboard behind him.
Several clips are shown of people playing shuffle board.
The children hold up objects while speaking and lead into them washing their hands.
A man cuts a Christmas tree free of a net in a living room as a lady watches and leaves and a teen girl enters to help.
Two teen girls put the lights and garland on the tree as the boy and an African American girl watch and help.
We see a photo of three teens and the younger girl and boy posing in front of the stairs, on the ground, and in front of the tree one where the younger girl is eating a candy cane.
A person is wiping a sink with a towel.
A woman in a red shirt is playing a guitar and singing.
The man pulled back the lawn mower and then moved it forward and repeated it.
the man gets in the beam and start doing gymnastics.
the man makes a high jump and gets in the floor and walks.
Man is wearing white and red shirt and threw shot put.
Several people are standing in a gym.
An instructor stands on stage and leads them in an exercise.
A woman's hands are shown in the base of a sink.
She then rinses them off in the sink.
People sit in the stands and watch them.
a lot of men are on olympics doing windsurf on ocean.
Several different men are shown making long jumps in track and field competitions.
Another man is shown stepping on the line before he continues to complete his jump.
He does stunts and turns on the bike.
Another man is next door also shoveling snow.
Two men are seen standing on a stage with one playing the drums.
A woman is playing a violin next to water.
A woman is wearing a scarf and talking to the camera.
A university swim team is doing a fund raiser washing cars.
A member explains what they are doing.
Students are rinsing and washing cars.
The students thank people in the video and to come support them.
A black screen appears with a website address.
A car is driving down a winding road.
A man is seen standing on a dirt ground, very still.
He is wearing a pair of headphones.
He is using a leaf blower to blow leaves.
A person is seen riding down the river on a tube with people following from behind.
A man is swimming in the water and shows people jumping in tubes and riding down together.
A man in a white shirt is standing on the court watching.
Another man talks about the process between shots.
woman is standing in a room and is talking to the camera and leading a group of children leading them.
We see the person on the left briefly.
We see the person on the left again.
the crowd cheers as the teams fight over the goal.
The person rides a wave and cheers with other people.
A man in a welding facility prepares to weld two pieces of metal together.
Another man walks into the video as they are recording and walked out of the screen just as the man is finishing the welding job.
The opponent takes his turn but the stripe nine doesn't enter into the pocket and someone ends up pushing it in the hole.
After the two take more turns,the guy bags up his pool stick and walks away from the table.
More people speak as they clean up the area.
They put the lights onto the Christmas tree.
A large soccer ball shaped pinata is hanging from a string.
A little boy swings a bat, hitting the ball over and over.
This man is washing the black car outdoors in the warm weather.
First, the man turns his water sprayer on and he starts spraying all of the dirt off of the car.
She walks in the center of the gym on the wooden floor and begins by twirling her body while balancing a wand in her hand.
She continues doing the ballerina moves while holding the wand in her hand.
Two men are sitting down in chairs.
They are playing a drum with their hands.
A man talks, and then cuts the beard of a person with scissors.
The man continues explaining and showing hot to cut the beard.
People are on the beach enjoying a hot and sunny day.
Kites are being flown high up in the air as several spectators look at all the kites.
People are walking back and forth enjoying the show of the colorful flying objects.
She pumps some of it onto her hands.
He flips over the kayak and rides down the river.
A man and a dog walk onto a field.
A young woman talks to the camera while working on her hair and occasionally talking.
The young woman holds some sort of object up to the camera.
The scene cuts to the woman with part of her hair clipped up at the top of her hair.
They are engaged in a game of tug of war.
They pull hard on the rope trying to win.
Then, the couple dance holding each other and turning around.
Also, the couple dance holding both hands or one hand hand to spin the woman.
A man in a red track suit crouches.
He holds up his arms in a specific manner.
the man then begins fluffing a woman's hair.
A spaceship is crashed in the snow.
Several snow troopers are after the pilot.
The pilot gets on a board and rides it down.
The snow troopers chase him down the mountain.
He is signaling via hand signs about his gear.
He continues speaking and demonstrating using sign language.
A closeup of a brunette girl is standing outside and talking to the camera and the white words at the bottom of the screen say "Jamie Trevina #14 Helix Charter High School".
Various clips of her playing field hockey on a large grassy field play, and she's hitting the ball with her stick in different games against other girls, or just practicing alone hitting the balls.
He is adorning a christmas tree with ornaments.
A woman is seen opening the door to a man holding flowers and falling.
In the end a woman is taking a drink from a glass.
A boy and girl are raking leaves in the yard.
The woman dabs powder around her face.
She then spreads it evenly across her cheeks and chin.
A young man sits on a hardwood floor of a gym room and does warm up exercises including toe touches.
The man then gets up and does standing warm up exercises including stretching and bending at the knees.
the man then begins to play solo tennis using the wall as an opponent and hitting the ball with the racket against the wall back and forth.
A man is seated in front of a velvet blanket.
He is playing a guitar on his lap.
The woman peels something apart while kneeing on the ground.
The woman stands next to the wallpaper and gives a thumbs up sign.
The woman sits by the wallpaper and gives the thumbs up sign.
two men are sitting on a bench talking to the camera.
woman is in the class room watching the boys talking.
a group is white water rafting.
a person is showing stuck in between rocks.
A hand throws a dart at a dartboard.
The hand aims a second dart.
They begin to paint on a canvas.
Several people in white uniforms stand on a field.
They run around it holding bats.
The man walks in and out of frame while the woman brushes the other's hair.
The man speaks angrily with them and walks out of frame.
a man is knelling down on snow covered ice.
The standing man turns and throws the man on the mat behind them and backs up.
One man puts on a jacket on while the camera pans around to more people decorating.
They hold their position, refusing to let go.
A man is pushing a lawn mower through the grass.
A child is standing next to him pushing a toy lawn mower.
They give each other a high five.
the woman is licking an ice cream cone.
Man wearing a white cap is guzzling beer.
A woman with a very curly hair is drying her hair with a white towel while instructions are keep on popping.
Information of her  channel and social media account are shown.
people stand by and watch the object soar across the park.
The woman begins brushing the dog while he shows it's teeth.
Two women,a young boy,and a teenage male are riding horses down a dirt path looking at the scenery surrounding them.
To the left of them, there is a barbwire fence with two goats on the side,a playground,and several people sitting under the hut.
She continuously cuts the dogs fur while the man speaks to the camera.
He is mowing weeds down in a field.
Several people are shown in canoe riding around in the water and having a great time.
Next, they are shown jumping into the water and playing around.
A person in a hat leaves a tip.
At the same time several people are coming and going in the background.
An athlete is seen spinning in circles and throwing a discuss.
More people take their turn throwing while others watch.
In the inside,they begin hitting a ball back and forth with a tennis racket.
A small child is seen climbing on a playground and moving to monkey bars.
She climbs across the monkey bars and is shown climbing across another set.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various tools.
He is then seen sitting behind a drum set points to drums  and begins playing.
then the girls jump and do cartwheels.
the girls are then seen using a seesaw.
woman is walking on a backyard on a sunny day wearing a bathsuit and holding a hoola hoop.
woman is in a backyard in a sunni day and is doing a choreography with a hoola hoop.
The man continues talking next the machine.
The woman stands next to the machine and another woman while talking to the camera.
The second woman talks to and instructs the first woman while the first woman exercises on the machine, interspersed with quick cuts of the woman exercising alone.
A female athlete with a Russian uniform is standing outside of a field on a blue track.
The lady then takes off running while holding a pole in her hand.
Once complete,she jumps up and down,happy that her jump was successful as the crowd begins to cheer for her.
A guy is bending over and touching the floor.
The guy back flips and lands on his feet.
The guy stands on one hand.
He unties a shoe in his lap.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while more people lift weights.
A black intro screen quickly appears and light blue letters are in the middle that look like "dji".
A drone is shown as the boy takes off on his dirt bike and multiple various clips of the boy riding his bike play as he's going around the track very fast, or jumping with his bike and the drone can be seen in the sky.
The drone is shown sitting on the dirt track,the boy is no longer riding his dirt bike and he's now on the dirt track flying his drone.
The boy is now back on his dirt bike and once again the drone can be seen flying along.
A close up of the drone flying in the sky is shown and white words appear on the screen that say "PHANTOM 2 VISION+ LET YOUR IMAGINATION TAKE FLIGHT".
The men are seen playing pool with one hitting a ball.
The photographer is lying on his side taking picture of the man lying on his back.
A man is seen standing behind a pong table throwing a ball to the other side.
He speaks to another man standing next to him as he continue playing.
The man throws several more balls while others watch on the side as well as showing a close up of him and a dog.
Several other people wait their turn at the top of the hill.
Two people are playing wall ball in a room.
A room with tan walls is seen.
He scrapes the excess on a board he is holding and then smooths out more material on the ceiling.
then do the same with the other sleeve while keeps talking to the camera.
on the the tv two wrestlers are standing in a ring.
one wrestler throw the other wrestler down and wins the match.
A woman is raking leaves into a pile.
There's a young man and a young woman doing a tutorial on how to make homemade lemonade in their kitchen.
The ingredients used for the lemonade are placed on the stove top.
Then she adds the mixture to the pitcher.
Then he fills the pitcher with some tap water and pours the lemonade in two glasses.
She is leading a classroom doing the same.
She is then shown lifting weights.
She folds wrapping paper into a bag.
She puts curling ribbon to the present.
A little boy enters a rental store and the lady in the counter talk to him about the snowboard she is holding.
She demonstrates how to buckle the snowboard to the little boy.
The little boy and a woman are walking in the snow, then wear the snowboards to the little boy after telling him some information he needs to know about the snow board.
A person is seen rubbing down wax on an item in front of the ski.
As the words Drift innovation float  across the screen,a back drop of a male skiing is visible behind it.
four men sit at a table and give commentary.
a woman then runs across a track and jumps over a beam.
a second woman then runs and jumps over a different beam.
The dance all around the room while smiling and laughing to one another.
The man is flipping and doing tumbling in the gym.
The athletes continue to flip up in the air while audiences are watching.
A cat with glowing eyes comes up the stairs.
The cat walks onto a man on the couch.
He continues to speak and hit the ball back and fourth with another man playing against him.
He is talking to the camera in between doing stunts on a tightrope.
Waves are shown crashing against the beach.
The waves get bigger and bigger.
A woman wearing a white blouse vacuums the floor.
A clip of the lady wearing the white blouse demonstrates the whole vacuuming process from set up to completion.
A little girl is drinking water while her mom washes clothes.
The woman scrubs the clothing against a washing board.
Several people are shown rafting down the river rapids and having a great time.
The camera pans to a man playing a keyboard.
A crowd of people are watching them.
They get pulled over and hug each other.
The man then leaps into the air and jumps into a sand pit.
People watch his jump on the side.
Many people are seen walking around an area as well as people riding down a slide and training.
They continue running an area while the man still speaks to the camera and runs around laughing with others.
A girl is seen shoveling snow and wiping her face.
He tries to wash dishes with his forehead against the cabinet.
An exercise machine spins around a circle when a man walks into frame.
The man takes a drink and uses the machine.
He adjusts the settings and continues riding, ending by rolling it away in the end.
Various text appears across the the screen.
A man is at an ice cream stand.
He weaves back and forth in the water.
two people are walking along the beach and talking.
They go surfing in the water together.
Two men are in the boat sitting on the edge of the boat, one man is pulling the sail.
A woman cuts a branch off of a tree with scissors.
She sets them down and keeps talking.
The man ranks the leaves.
The crowd watching him cheers for him.
In the end he throws the weights down.
The man looks down and begins drinking from the glass.
The kids move all around the ice while others watch on the side.
The lady uses a clean rug to wipe over the window again.
At the fair there is a ride called bumper cars that everyone loves.
They go around in circles not only knocking their friends around but also other riders they have never met.
It is pretty fun and easy so they enjoy their turn on the ride.
A woman gives a thumbs up as she goes rafting in a river.
They continue along the raging waters.
He walks up to the lane while holding a ball.
A local well known bakery is providing a demonstration.
Workers are introduced as the efforts are displayed on how they are making a large upcoming contribution for a special event.
an anchorman beings talking to the camera.
a few people speak to the camera as the other people play shuffle board.
The man finishes his routine by flipping multiple times and then off to the side of the parallel bars where he lands on his feet, smiles, takes small bows and walks off.
Crowds watch and cheer them on.
They clap as the ball is hit back and forth over the net.
He walks throughout his backyard as he makes sure he covers the entire area as the rotating blades of the lawn mower cut the grass.
Several areas of land are shown as they people continue to ride around and speak to one another.
They hang lights and then the ornaments.
A dark pink screen appears with white lettering that read "Supirior University vs Sargodha University".
The dark pink screen appears again with the white words on it that scroll from bottom to the top.
A dog runs up and starts drinking from the mug.
They are engaged in a game of cricket.
little kid is laying on the floor playing with a crunch machine.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holding up ingredients.
He then walks out onto a field with young children and giving them a kite.
Two men are seen passing around a ball in a pool while others swim around.
A little girl in a pink sweater and red boots is on a jungle gym.
She turns around and smiles, bows and blows a kiss.
Children play with buckets in the sand.
He starts to play the drum set with drum sticks.
A large group of band mates are gathered on a field.
A man is in a street.
He is holding a leaf blower.
A child walks up to the top of a red slide.
A skateboarder wearing an orange helmet skates down the street and performs some skateboard tricks.
One man is seen running the opposite direction by himself.
He jumps into a pit and walks away.
A female track star prepares herself to run.
They blow smoke out of the hookah and kiss one another.
They continue to blow smoke around the room.
team are in an ice court playing hockey.
men are wearing white uniforms playing hockey on ice.
There's a lot of children and adults in a large indoor gymnasium with a wood floors and some are rope jumping while others are watching while sitting or standing.
A brown skinned girl in the forefront begins to jump rope very quickly.
Two men are working together in an orchard.
They use very long shears to cut the branches.
They keep trimming the trees as they go.
A large track is shown with a person holding a javelin.
The person begins running down the track.
The person then throws the javelin off into the distance.
Then, the woman brush the neck and the front legs of the horse.
After, the woman brush the body and the back legs of the horse.
An overhead view of a blue pool table is shown.
The man continues to play pool.
People on horses are outdoors playing a polo game.
A man is speaking from behind a podium.
A man appears and plays a saxophone so the man cannot continue speaking.
She throws an object off into the distance and walks away.
in the court two people are standing in the field and runs when the woman makes the throw.
then she take off hr glasses and show how to put the contact on the eye, she grab it with the index finger and put it in the eye.
The man then begins throwing frisbees in the air strategically , talking to the camera after each throw, explaining the training process.
The dog jumps, rolls over, begs , runs and moves  about during the training session.
A child is sitting in an inner tube and is shown going down a snowy hill.
The girls continue to cheer with one another and end by walking towards the audience.
She begins to dance on the floor.
He sets her down on the ground.
A jet ski is on the sand.
A person is tied to the back of it.
The jet ski takes off onto the water.
It speeds across the lake.
The woman adjusted the pin and put accessory on her lower lip.
rice, flour and pepper is in a kitchen's floor.
different ingredients are on the floor and someone cleans it.
A young lady plays a white piano on front people that applaud her.
A woman cries hearing the young woman play the piano.
After, the young woman ends her performance and people applauds.
She rinses off her hands.
She moves around to disorient herself.
people are around the pool watchnig the game.
An individual uses contact lens solution to rub a contact lens in the individual's palm.
The individual holds up a contact lens storage case.
a woman is standing on a ladder wiping the wall with a rag.
the woman then brings in large rolls of wall paper.
A man is seen pushing a vacuum all along a carpet.
The man pushes a vacuum back and fourth along the carpet.
He continues pushing the vacuum around all over the floor.
A man is standing behind a bar with several bottles.
A row of bowling pins are shown at the end of a lane.
A ball is then shown hitting the pins.
The mechanics of how a ball is drilled is demonstrated.
A gymnast enters the auditorium full of people.
He grabs the high bars.
He pulls himself up and does several tricks.
Several men are shown in various throwing sports.
Another man trows a disc.
One girl walks off while the other is positioned in front of the chalk,putting it on her hand.
Lastly,there's the third girl who is standing at the top of the bars and ends up doing a flip into the pit of foam.
A guy is sucking on a black pipe.
The guy blows smoke out of his mouth.
The guy blows smoke out of his smokes.
A man is running down a track by a field.
He then walks away looking unhappy.
He seasons chicken breast and puts them into the oven and then puts vegetables into the pot along with vegetables and more seasoning, there's also pasta on the other side and he cuts chicken up into little pieces and he mixes everything together creating a nice meal.
People in two boats are rafting in the murky waters of a river.
Immediately, two men in a canoes approaches the boat to help the men in the water.
One takes off running across the red ground.
men are playing rock paper scissors in a room.
A vet wearing scrubs is holding the left front paw of a black and white cat while someone else not in scrubs is also assisting.
The diagram goes away and the people begin cutting the nails of the calm cat.
A woman is seen running down a track and into a sand pit.
Her run is shown again as she walks away.
then with a brush dry the hair with an animal print hair dryer.
One holds the other on the side of the ledge.
A man jumps onto a balance beam.
A man talks to the camera from a hallway and begins walking.
The man enters a bathroom and walks to a sink where he lathers up with liquid soap and washes his hands.
A person is seen holding up a doll and beginning to brush it's hair.
She continues to brush the doll.
Several clips are then shown of people riding around on kite boards.
They perform flips and tricks on the boards past one another while others watch on the sides.
There are people crowded around a foosball table while two people play.
the man begins to rock climb while being holstered.
The person continues to ride around past others and off of jumps.
man is on the floor cleaning the terminations between the tiles.
There are two young boys, one in a brown shirt and the other in a red shirt playing racket ball in an indoor court.
The boy in brown hits a back hand which goes on the other side Then the boy in red gives the ball to the other player who again serves.
The boy in red is unable to return the serve causing the ball fall down again.
They continue playing racket ball taking turns in serving and returning the balls.
The boy in red uses both hands to return the serve from the boy in brown.
A team walks along a rope on a sporting field.
She does a few more tricks then jumps down to the side.
A man is wearing red boxing gloves.
He stops and starts to take off his boxing glove.
man is walking to a van and is holding a foam head.
the man starts cleaning the window taking out the snow fom the car.
the man hangs the foam head on the head and show the clean car.
A couple of baseball teams are gathered on a field.
two female field hockey teams are play against each other in a glass in closed type field that is in doors.
a couple of small children are playing with a tub.
He then balances and swings between the bars.
She begins to do a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
He inserts a piercing through her nostrils.
A young lady is standing in a living room,tossing her hair behind her back as it falls down to her ankles.
A man who is also in the room next to her,takes out a brush and begins brushing her hair showing that her hair is about five feet long.
Once he has shown her length,he releases the hair and starts brushing it from the top of her head.
A young man is on a scooter.
Two young men perform in a locker room.
The one wipes himself off with a towel and tosses it to the other.
A series of small rectangular pictures appear on the title page to create one word.
During their routine,coaches come along and begin during interviews behind the scenes and showing how the girls prepare for the event.
A little girl wearing a white blouse plays on the monkey bars.
The little girl stands behind a gymnastic log and peers around the log.
The little girl then returns using the monkey bars switching from hand to hand.
Two people are seen sitting on a couch and then down to the floor.
The woman beats the man and they shake hands while speaking.
This man walks in the middle of the street and puts the case down while the saxophone is in there.
the two teams line up opposite each other and shake hands.
A kite is being flown in a desert.
The people are then seen sitting in the water riding tubes and drinking beer.
A group of girls are standing in a gym.
They use jump ropes to dance in unison.
people are standing next to the court laying on gym walls.
The man walks in and out of frame and pans back to the boy.
She is washing vegetables in water.
Two people are seen playing ping pong while a group of people watch on the side.
The boys hit the ball back and fourth to one another.
A man is standing with a fishing pole.
People are paying volleyball on a court.
She brings out several ingredients and begins combining them into a bowl.
She moves her arms out and changes into a plate of cookies laid out with her eating them.
They then put their shoes on their feet.
He lifts a barbell up to his chest.
A man sits on a horse while another person watches behind a fence.
The man chases and lassos a cow.
A womans hand is shown on a counter.
The bald man is holding  a rectangular sign and talking to someone.
The man placed the guid under the paper.
The man cut the paper using a cutter and then he brushed the paper with a brush.
A female gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym.
Two men are seen walking towards the Camera while other people stand around them.
The men then hop on a set of bars.
The camera pans around a fence and shown a man spraying paint.
The man shows off his gear in the end.
the woman the begins preparing a meal.
A weight trainer explains flexing and stretching for proper squat position.
The weight lifter without a shirt gets into the squat position without any weight and rocks back and forth for flexing and stretching.
The weight lifter then uses weights resting on his knees while in the squatting position.
both mean turn their backs to the diving board.
in unison, both men jump backwards off of the diving board into a pool of water.
A man is seen pushing a lawn mower along the yard.
A man stands on the edge of a bridge while another man checks his bungee jumping harness.
The first man jumps off the bridge while the second man throws a rope down alongside.
Various tools are seen laid out and a woman is seen sweeping the floor.
The guy turns to leave after posing.
People are standing in a room talking.
A girl in jeans and a black shirt is holding a sparkly silver hula hoop.
She places it on her waist and spins it for a little bit, then stops.
Several more people are shown afterwards attempting to stand by falling.
Afterwards they are shown again riding the board successfully.
A man videotapes himself and a group of workers blowing leaves in the front yard of an apartment complex.
A man, in a black t-shirt, talks to himself while walking and recording himself with a camera.
The man tapes them and then himself again as he walks between the men working on the yard.
They are driving the cars around, bumping into each other.
Two girls are sitting in a room while one of the girls files the other girl's nails.
Next, the girl begins to clip the other girl's nails as she screams in pain.
The girl then continues to file the girl's nails and she fights her and tries to get her to stop.
Woman applies a coat of nail polish remover to her fingernail.
The young male hold the little girl's chest as she go through the monkey bar.
The young boy assisted the little girl as she go down the ladder.
The little girl went back to the other side of the monkey bars as the young boy guided her by holding her underarms.
A woman wearing blue jeans skates on one leg.
REPAIR is then overlaid under BIKE, Becoming BIKE REPAIR.
The instructions follow with a man in a white ensemble and purple hat.
He is serving up Portland co-op Eco-consciousness realness repair.
First the man wakes up with his eyes buck wide and he washes his face and gets dressed.
The credits of a video are shown.
A guy plays racquetball alone.
A guy picks up some of the racquetballs and load it into the black machine.
A man removes the front tire of the bike from the frame.
The man reinstalls the front tire onto the bike frame.
The man removes the handlebar grips and slides on electrical controls.
The men continue playing around with one another in many more clips.
Various pictures are shown of people standing around on shuffleboard courses.
A little girl stands in the middle and watches.
The girl walks all around playing with locks on the doors and helping the woman brush.
She continues brushing the horse while looking to the camera and smiling.
men are driving a boat in the sea.
Dogs are doing tricks on a field of grass.
They are then seen wearing cheerleader clothes as they do several dance moves.
A woman is dancing up on a stage.
There are two teams playing cricket in an indoor cricket field that is covered by net on two sides.
The fielders on the side field are waiting to guard the ball and prevent the batter from making runs.
Again when the bowler hits an overhand, the batter tries to run to make a run but is stopped by the fielders who hit the ball on the stumps.
The batter then walks out and another batter from his team comes on the field while the blue team waits to start another round.
He is standing in a parking lot where several other cars are parked.
He points to a times to show the time it takes to bake the cookies.
He then shows how the cookie dough begins melting and even baking in the heat of the sunlight.
The person shoots balls into the pockets making each shot he takes.
The person plays a game of pool by himself.
The person makes the eight ball and finishes the game.
The boy nods his head dancing.
Several people are gathered inside a kitchen.
A little girl runs over to be picked up by her father as they continue dancing.
He spins several times while holding a chain.
woman is cleaning her face with a white soap.
woman is in a laboratory talking to the camera.
She sprays the horse one more time with the hose.
One of the surfers is shown riding a large wave and going up and down.
He then flips several times on the beam.
The people move all around the table and hit the ball past one another.
The woman talks without facing the camera.
a girls stands with a violin in hand.
the girl then smiles at the camera while still playing the violin.
He moves all along the tree cutting the sides all around.
Several people are shown in various shopping centers.
People are seen walking around a gym and run towards the middle.
A man in a tank top stands on a court.
He hits the ball into the trees.
Two men play wall tennis in a gym room with hardwood floors and a glass wall.
Two men are in a gym room alone, together, wearing black gym shorts and t-shirts.
A man walks up holding a ball in his hand.
A couple of girls are standing outside of a house.
They are laughing and talking, playing with their hair.
They are then shown playing several games of hopscotch.
green paste is in a pot and is mixed with milk.
the pasta is pour in the pot with the sauce and cheese.
He lifts the knife and starts sharpening the knife with the stone and the talking continues.
He shows something and put between the stone and knife but put it away before sharpening the knife, he repeat the procedure before dipping the knife in water.
three pool balls are on a pool table.
the man demonstrates several shots and angles.
The people compete against one another performing jump roping tricks and routines one after the other.
He starts playing accordion, enjoying and feeling the rhythm.
The dog come to him, he stops playing then brush his dog's hair.
The lady blow dry other parts of her hair.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The man shaves using the cream on his face and he removes most of his facial hair.
Then he adds more shaving cream to his face and takes it off again to shave with an electric razor.
She then throws the baton in the air again does another cartwheel and catches the baton.
The girl then tosses the baton in the air spins around catching the baton with a hand behind her back and poses.
Two people are playing a game of fencing.
The crowd cheers for them as they play.
A group of news casters are outside talking about the game.
A game in progress is being shown and talked about.
She picks up a flute and puts her fingers on the pads.
The woman slowly starts to move and does various karate movements in slow motion that it almost looks like a dance.
The woman speeds it up a little and jumps and kicks and lands on her feet and continues on with her karate routine.
There is various footage of capoeira matches with white letters on the screen.
There is various breaks in the video with black screens with white text.
A black screen appears with a website address in white letters.
The girl sitting moves her face around while the other still brushes.
Several people are lined up to get into the water.
They get into rafts and paddle away.
They race each other past several markers.
A woman is speaking to the camera and holding up a bottle of polish.
She demonstrates how to clean the shoes while still speaking.
The cowboy flips the calf and ties it up.
A woman is kneeling down painting a chair.
A little girl is standing next to her painting the chair.
The student ministry black logo appears on the screen.
A dark hallway is seen and a shadow of a man.
He mops the entire floor in darkness.
The people continue to ride around on the camels.
Several people are gathered in a yard behind a large house.
They stretch a rope over a small mud pit.
Guy are wrestling in a wrestling box.
The wrestler lifts a guy in a black jersey.
men are watching the man ding gymnasics in the beam.
The first man speaks again to demonstrate how to play tennis.
People are sitting in kayaks on the sand.
They being to kayak down a river.
A lady speaks directly to the camera.
The lady moves a shirt around on an ironing board.
The lady puts the iron down.
Man in white shirt wipes down the wood.
Man applies an alcohol-based stain.
They ride the cars around the floor, bumping each other.
an elder woman enters the room and starts talking to the man.
Two children are seen speaking to one another with a woman sitting on the floor.
The woman then helps as the boy dances around.
There is an open laptop on the desk in front of them.
A guy does roller blading on the ramps.
The woman began painting the chair red.
They start out with their hands to the sky and tumbling around on the ground.
The cat begins to pull away slightly, out of fear of being hurt.
The vet then clips the cat nails carefully, and the cat feels much better after all is done.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and grabs a knife.
Finally he cuts up the tomato.
A woman is grooming a dog in a salon.
She continues grooming and clipping the dog's hair.
They kick the ball around continuously while running after one another.
A close up of tree branches is shown.
A cable car line is shown.
The two women are lowered to a mat on the ground by a crew.
A blond girl in the front fumbles a little and almost loses her fall, but she recovers quickly and the cheerleaders finish their routine strong and they cheer and hug one another when it's over.
A man mows his front lawn with an electric power push mower.
The person stops and pauses to look at the viewer.
He is talking to another couple of young men holding coffee cups.
They continue talking as he holds his phone.
the woman takes a large brush and starts to remove snow from the vehicle.
a man then starts removing the snow off the vehicle.
a young man sits a piano locate on a sidewalk.
The man then begins dancing around using a baton.
A blonde woman is lying down next to a pool with her knees up and she sits up to kick her sandals off.
A man is kneeling on a frozen lake.
A video is shown of the cold waters below.
The man smiles at the camera.
A white bridge appears along with the front of the Hyatt hotel before a bunch of people appear walking on the beach.
After,the men begin carving into the sand and creating designs in the sand castle.
She stands the dog up and continues to clip the dog's hair.
A black car is parked in a parking lot.
People are riding horses along the beach.
People are walking on the beach behind them.
They have a table covered in ingredients.
They squeeze juice into a mug, then add the other ingredients to make a drink.
A man is shown speaking to the camera and holding up various tools and products.
a girl stands in front of a balance beam.
the girl then does several flips and tricks.
The camera pans to a couple in the bleachers sitting on red chairs.
Then they are shown in a group, knitting with yarn.
The is a referee that watches them.
He is seen skating down the side of a road.
A woman stands on exercise equipment.
She adjusts the panel several time.
He puts the stilts on his feet and begins jumping around the area.
Several clips are shown of people wake boarding and leads into the man walking in with others and shaking another's hand.
The man then performs several tricks on a wakeboard while people watch on the side and clap.
She looks at the camera right before the video ends and says something to the man.
A large blackjack table is seen with people standing around the sides.
They are pretty extreme about it knocking each other down and stuff.
One of the men grabs the other man by his arm and starts to pin him down.
As the game continue,the ball continues to be thrown from team to team as they knock each other over and make try to score on each other.
men is standing in stage playing frums.
They hold him on their shoulders.
people is standing in front of a lake posing for a picture.
the man is talking to the camera in front of the court.
The man pulls the silver cable toward him.
A man is standing in front of a tiled wall.
He lights up and smokes a cigarette.
He continues smoking and standing with his arms crossed.
More people shoot arrows and speak to people.
The men continuously kick the ball around past one another.
The men continue to play soccer in several different clips.
A little girl is standing at a counter making a sandwich.
She licks peanut butter off of her finger.
She continues to put the peanut butter onto the sandwich.
The bull charges him over and over.
woman is wearing a pink sweater and is cutting the grass with a lawnmower.
He plays the harmonica while playing the guitar.
We see the title screen over the video.
The man stops trimming and wipes the top of the bush to remove the trimmed parts.
A girl talks in the direction of the camera while in a kitchen environment.
The girl mixes the content of the bowl.
The girl talks while wandering back and forth near the bowl.
The girl tastes something from the table.
A container of ice cream is shown.
A man is raking leaves in a yard.
A pile of brown leaves are being blown up from the side of the road and the curb of the sidewalk.
As the person continues to blow them,the leaves fly by the drain and goes underneath the sidewalk.
However,the person continues to blow the leaves and pauses as he runs into a small median in the sidewalk.
sexy woman is talking to the camera holding a microphone.
A woman is painting a board.
Words come onto the screen.
Several people watch from the sides.
A lot of kids are signing paperwork.
The ride around several more areas as well as putting on a helmet.
We see an animated title screen.
A man in red cap stands outside a barbershop talking.
The man pretends to be asleep and the barber points at him and the man pretend to wake up and fall back asleep while getting his hair cut.
A woman is seated and talking.
She is showing how to knit an item.
A kid in a red shirt runs onto the court to pick up the balls.
A dog is seen laying on the grass with it's hind legs.
The dog moves inside with it's legs still hanging in the back.
young boy is sitting next to a white wall smoking.
A man is shown speaking to the camera on a boat riding around.
Several other boats are shown riding near him.
They work together to depretzel the wheel by banging and spinning it.
the man stretches then runs.
a crowd is gathered in a rodeo ring.
a man rides a horse into the middle of the ring.
the man strings up a baby bull then jumps off his horse.
The girl plays the violin.
The girl stops playing the violin, bows, and walks towards the audience.
A bunch of people are playing volleyball on a sand court.
Boy wearing orange hits the volleyball over the net.
a man is standing on a tennis court.
the man takes a racket and bounces a tennis ball.
the man serves the ball.
Several products are laid out followed by a woman grooming a horse.
She continues brushing down the horse and kisses him in the end.
A school gym is full of people.
One by one they pole vault over a bar.
a man stands on a field with a shut put in his hand.
People walk through a large lobby.
Several people do arts and craft.
three kids and one adult are gathered at a park.
a boy hopscotches back and forth.
the other people watch the boy play.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and lays out a shirt on an ironing table.
She begins ironing the shirt while moving it all around the table.
They lift the weight up and down several times.
A man is holding a harmonica.
A man is seen standing in a circle holding a ball.
He throws the ball while others watch.
People are walking on the slack line.
A man in a green shirt is sitting on the slack line.
He puts his hands in the air to celebrate.
People are walking on the grass behind him.
He gets off the bike, and shows how to clean a large window.
Others try to surf on the waves as they come in.
One person tries to paddleboard.
The women continue to bathe him.
A girl does a front flip on the mat.
A man sits on a sit that can restraint his feet.
Then, the man exercises holding a weight behind his head and supporting.
After, the man finish exercising, left the weight on the floor and leaves.
A man is jump roping next to a water fountain.
A woman is giving a dog a bath in a tub.
She uses a hose to spray water all over the dog.
The dog licks his lips and looks sad while he is getting bathed.
People lift a kayak out followed by video of people kayaking in snowy/icy water.
Penguins hop through the water and play on ice floats.
People purposely flip their kayaks into the water and credits appear on screen.
a row of bows is shown in an armory.
one of the man is throwing arrows to a board and behind them two old men are watching other weapons.
they are engaged in a game of table tennis.
They hit the ball back and forth over the net.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins adjusting a bike.
He then puts the parts on the bike and screws them in tightly.
A man in gray shirt is walking and then two men are playing racquet ball.
The two men are playing racquet ball while audience are outside the room watching.
A man sitting is being shown and then two players play.
He bounces up and down.
a man is under water wearing snorkeling gear.
A man is talking inside a bathroom.
She holds up a toothbrush and as well as toothpaste and begins brushing her teeth.
She continues brushing her teeth and ends by wiping off her mouth and staring at the camera.
A man is sitting on a chair playing an acoustic guitar.
A man in a blue shirt walks in front of them.
woman is sitting in front of a counter talking to the camera.
He is standing and opens the door.
Several more clips are shown of the same ones over and over.
A man is seated inside a bedroom.
He is playing a set of large drums.
He hits the drums with his hands back and forth.
People are long boarding down a hill in front of people watching.
The person continues cutting the claws and shows them off in the end.
The blond haired groomer blow dries the white dog while brushing the dog.
The blond haired groomer uses an electric filer to file down the white dogs nails.
The blond haired groomer shows the finished groomed white fluffy dog.
man puts butter on the pan and the other man is talking to the camera, ten pour a liquid.
A yellow dog lays on the ground near the logs.
A scenic route of the mountains and trees are seen through the window of the passenger of a truck.
Many more people continue jumping over the slopes and they all end up falling on the ground.
They perform with the candles as people watch.
A group watches them struggle to free themselves.
She shaves her legs continuously while moving up and down and another boy watching from behind.
elliptical trainers are shown in a room inside a gym.
A man unfolds the bike, putting it into place.
He shows how it can fold and unfold.
The words "Love Food & Money with Angie Greenup" appears on screen.
She starts working on her nails using bottles from a box next to her.
The man starts to mow his lawn.
A man in a hat is standing on the field watching.
A man is sprinting down a track.
Girls are sitting behind a desk talking.
A person is seen hitting a ball on the grass followed by several others.
They continue playing while others watch and huddling up in the end.
Several players run onto the field, and play a game of lacrosse.
the players fight over the ball, trying to win.
two little kids are swinging on platground.
A young child sits a the top of a very wide concrete slide.
The person holding the camera goes down the slide.
Both teams continue to play and go back and forth making plays as the video flashes in between each segment letting you know what quarter it is.
A man wearing grey shorts kneels down on a carpeted floor and begins stretching.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The phone number and credits associated with the clip are shown.
He pulls out a card from this device one by one and puts the cards to the other side of the table.
He does this over and over again not really demonstrating anything else.
All he does is pull out more and more cards and put them to the side.
two men begin filling cups with water and tossing the water onto the brick wall.
other men are seen scrapping the wall with a metal instrument.
One seems to be shouting or singing something.
The shake their heads in rhythm.
He is painting the ceiling in a room.
woman is in front of a camera and is showing how to wear contact lenses.
The girl performs several routines for the crowd.
A woman is talking outside on a beach.
She puts on snorkeling gear and dives in the ocean.
She swims under the water and explores.
They are demonstrating and talking about workout routines.
Then the other person in black shorts kneels down on his left knee and holds up a long metal pole with his hands to raise it.
Then they both stand up and complete their tutorial on the workout.
A woman is sitting down in a chair.
She holds a blue towel up to her ear.
A view is seen of a female chef and a male one appears.
They wave at the camera before showing a recipe for graham cracker cake.
They show the cake in layers of graham crackers, and are each served a piece.
Some people are standing by an ice cream truck talking about getting some ice cream.
They walk up to the truck window and get their ice cream.
A boy is seated in a chair at a hair stylist's shop.
He is wearing a cape as she turns him side to side.
She uses clippers to trim and shape his hair.
three men are standing in a small room.
a bicycle is being assembling in a blue pole.
A couple of men are fighting inside a gym.
The gate opens and the race starts.
When the race finishes the winner is interviewed.
A man wearing a black t-shirt and to ladies stand behind a counter in a kitchen.
The man uses stacked pennies to get the angle of the knife to be sharpened and demonstrates how to sharpen kitchen knives using a stone.
The man slides the knife on the stone while pressing the knife with his fingers.
A hairstylist wearing a striped shirt describes how to brush long hair.
The hairstylist begins by brushing the hair in sections.
The hairstylist starts at the bottom and brushes in a down direction.
A girl trainer wearing a white shirt introduces herself and a workout with an elliptical trainer machine.
The trainer suggests a lower interval for a brief recovery.
The trainer signs off and says goodby.
As the camera pans up the bridge,a woman appears with a harness wrapped around her body sitting in a chair.
After,she sits up and the guys above her on the bridge pull her up,she begins smiling and laughing at the camera.
A woman introduces that she will be doing a video about how to clean windows.
She then proceeds to clean the windows and then close them back into place.
The model poses by kneeling on her right knee and bending sideways by supporting herself on her right arm.
The instructor adjust her foot to show the correct posture for yoga.
Then the instructor makes the model lift her left leg up straight and move it sideways while maintaining balance.
He reads from a piece of paper in front of him.
the man cuts the fabric.
the man then takes the cut fabric and tucks in in the tree.
A guy cuts a man's hair with a clipper.
The guy seats on the sink.
The man throws the ball up again in the air and hits it very hard and does that three times until the words on the top of the screen spin away in a special effect as if it's spinning out into the distance of the video until it fades to black.
He stops playing and stands up.
A young boy is seen brushing his teeth.
He smiles to the camera and brushes his tongue.
He takes out the toothpaste and speaks.
a man wearing black clothesis lifting weight in a corer of a room.
in front musculous man is kneeling in floor trying to lifting weight.
He then dismounts and raises his arms.
The woman then adds ginger ale, and shakes the drink in a tumbler.
A little girl is playing on a playground.
She climbs back up and goes down the slide again.
The player on the left begins by serving and hits the ball on the wall.
His opponent returns his serve swiftly.
They both continue playing and maintain a good rally until the player on the right misses a shot.
The player on the left wins a point and the spectators applaud and cheer for him.
This time the player on the left is unable to hit back and the ball bounces off of the wall into the court.
A woman is laying back in a chair.
A man is using a large needle on her arm.
The woman stares blankly at the ceiling.
She takes a contact lens out of her eye.
Two people from the group are dressed in winter gear, go down the slope in their tubes.
People are standing behind them watching.
the woman holds up a mixer and begins to make a drink.
a group of people gather around a river.
the group then water tubes downstream.
There's a woman artist dressed in a pink straw skirt and top performing and dancing with a stick.
The curtain raises and a man and a woman are shown.
The scene switches from black and white to full color.
A man in orange colored shorts jump up on to a pile of gym mats and down to the ground.
The men work out running on a treadmill.
A male pulls a duffel bag.
The guy rubs his eye with his fingers.
The credits of the video are shown.
This man is standing on stage and he is jumping rope using the white rope.
A young child is seen sitting in a chair holding an accordion.
She begins playing while rocking back and fourth.
The man rides all along the waves while text demonstrates how to perform moves.
The group continue playing with one another while talking and laughing.
A person in a red shirt stands and holds a javelin on a red outdoor track.
The man is in the battle field fighting other men and, and then they ride the horses in the field.
The nuns begin to perform karate moves.
A nun fights with a man and karate kicks him.
A man watching him laughs at him.
A woman is kneeling down onto the grass.
She hits a ball with a stick.
A man in a red shirt is standing next to her.
More people continue to ride down the river.
Several people are shown preparing o engage in a shot put toss.
He speaks to the camera and tries on a pair of shoes.
He tries on more pairs while still speaking to the camera.
A woman is seen holding a plate and speaking to the camera.
She continues cutting and showing a close up of a table.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and begins exercising on a machine.
She moves her body back and fourth while still speaking to the camera.
They are playing harmonicas in unison.
A man rides a bike out of a building and down a road.
He rides the bmx dirt bike throughout the town.
He rides it back into a garage and up the stairs.
Two men in yellow shirts are brushing the front of the stone as it glides down to the target.
The man in red kicked the stone causing the other young man in yellow trip over and hit the ground.
The young man is covering his nose and a woman opend the door.
A large group of people are seen skating around on ice playing hockey.
The men speak with one another as others watch on the side.
He talks to his friends as he walks.
A person is wake boarding behind a boat.
A picture of the lake is shown at sunset.
Two women are talking to the camera.
People are racing bikes around a dirt trail.
Two people hug at the end of the race.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about a piercing method.
When the video is over the closing captions are shown on the screen.
A man is standing with his arms folded behind him.
A man stands and walks on front the marching band looking when they play.
a matches box and a fuel are on dry leaves.
He walks around with a ball in his hand.
He spins, then throws the ball as far as he can.
He goes around in circles, covering the lawn.
various boats are standing on a beach and two men are walking out of them.
they continue dancing, laughing and talking.
The referee releases the rope to signal the start of the tug of war.
The individuals engage in tug of war against each other.
Another individual walks to the far end of the room holding one end of the rope.
A group of women are seen flirting, dancing , laughing and drinking on land and in the back of a boat.
The women then handle boating equipment before riding in the back of a boat on the water, flirting with the camera in bikinis, holding beers and making suggestive movements to the camera.
The women are then seen in the back of the boat drinking from beer bottles, laughing, posing and dancing.
A person closes an oven door in a kitchen.
There is a pan covered in cookies inside the oven.
The parade stops and the men play the drums.
The camera pans the stopped parade line.
A boy in a red jacket swings on a swing set with trees in the background.
Finally he jumps off the swing and lands at the edge of the play area.
A woman is walking down stairs.
She adjusts the seat on the cycle bike.
A person is sitting in a chair watching them.
He shows the mechanics of how the machines work.
He lets it go, then watches it.
The men hold up various hoses and tubes and leads into a man riding on a tube.
One of the individuals speedily cleans the glass panes.
The individual walks off stage.
little kid is standing in front of a camera and its putting blush on her cheeks.
the girl is putting pink lipstick on her lips and talking to the camera.
litle girl is painting her nails with pink polish.
She then rubs the oil on the wood of a chair.
a man stands in between two metal bars that are waist high.
the man begins to walk forward will holding on to the bars.
They are crouched in front of each other.
They jump up and start emulating a style of kickboxing.
Some guys are playing drums outside.
Children that are surrounding the drum players are clapping.
The other man then runs down the track and jumps into a sand pit.
His jump is shown again in slow motion.
A group of people are gathered with bats outside.
They are trying to hit a ball through loops.
They hit the ball and it goes through its target.
They roll a ball and hit the pins.
A woman is standing at a mail box.
He continues doing stunts as he rides.
A baby walks out of the house and falls into the swimming pool.
The baby lays on its back in the pool.
The boats goes down a cascade and a person falls in the water.
The scene of the accident is replayed in the screen.
He jumps off into the water, flipping as he goes.
People speak to the camera as well as hang out in hotel rooms and play fooseball.
Several people are seen wandering around a room that shows games of fooseball going on and people driving.
They pass another biker on the trail.
The get back to the finish line.
A gymnast is seen standing ready before a platform.
A woman is seen walking across the rope and falling into the pool.
An older man interviews a bald man with visible injuries on his face.
A series of scenes from hockey games are shown.
A large river runs through a canyon.
People are being pulled behind the boat.
Waves ripple behind the boats.
A group of people are seen standing around a gym hitting a ball.
In the end people are shown smiling with the smile of a champion and the crowd cheers.
Several people are gathered around a net on the beach.
He stirs them up and adds eggs.
Eventually he is done with the omelette.
He explains what are the correct ways to put on contact lenses and also how to keep them clean.
A woman is demonstrating how to correctly wear lenses in the eyes as she takes the lenses out of the case.
Then the doctor also demonstrates how to correctly wear the lenses.
The optometrist continues to explain how to store the lenses in the case to increase its life and durability.
The side of a girl's hair is shown on the camera.
She then demonstrates how the hot rollers are applied and removed.
A lady is throwing freebies in a park.
They are surrounded by a crowd of people.
The bumper cars start to move.
woman is sitting in a table talking to the camera and writing on a notebook.
woman wearing a pink shirt is sanding in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing the ingredients in the right side and showing how to make a cake.
Then a dog bigger than the last one is seen walking outside on a deck and another one is seen walking on the carpet.
a google search screen is shown.
some types into the search bar.
a boy is then seen standing in a room.
He is using a rowing machine and he talks about it.
He sits on it and pushes back and forth.
The man and woman begin dancing with one another in front of the large crowd.
The two continue dancing with one another while others watch and end by bowing and taking tips.
He is being drug by the back of a vehicle.
He and another man are putting down tiles.
The recorder goes to another room, where a woman is seated and painting boards.
She is stirring the food in the pan.
A lush green field of grass is shown and a horse begins trotting across the field in a game of polo.
Half of a man's face is shown in the corner of the camera as he begins smiling and talking to the camera.
While talking,he pans the people next to him and you can see him talking to his friends at a ski resort.
Two men are seen speaking to one another while one carries a heavy fridge.
A man is seen bending down before a weight.
He lifts the weight up by his head.
He lifts it over his head and drops it back down.
The man begins playing an accordion and dancing while playing as an onlooker in the background smiles and dances too before leaving the room,  The man continues to pay the accordion while singing and dancing.
These 2 people are trying to bathe this dog who is making the mission completely impossible.
Not to mention, there's another dog that bigger and fluffier than all of the other dogs, except he's easy to work with.
The man is riding a camel.
The women are riding the camels while a man is holding the leash of the camel.
She appears to be confused, walking slowly.
A man is inside a kitchen talking.
The girl plays video games on her computer.
The woman missed the pinata as she walked backwards and continue to hit the air.
She continue pushing them with the stick and speaking to the camera.
man is standing in a white bathtub ceaning hisshoes and his foot with the water from something red that apears to be blood.
then the man put the shoe under the water so can clean it on inside.
There are many marathoners talking about their experience in the running and jogging in the mountainous regions.
There are some cops in a city walking around with riffles on their shoulders and walkie talkies in their hand.
Then they are seen walking in a large crowd wearing hats and colorful capes.
Black and white pictures of some tribal pictures are shown standing near a large tent.
Another man is talking about the tribes and is seen jogging in the wilderness with a dog.
Another lady wearing a pink shirt is talking about her marathon experience.
The girl makes a frightened face.
The girl parts her hair and checks herself out in the camera.
two men in their bedroom  are playing ping pong.
The boy takes off,arches his back and does a successful high jump.
After he clears the bar,his friend appears from behind the camera and starts talking.
A person holds up a flute in front of it and begins playing it.
They then put the flute down.
A girl is standing inside her bathroom.
She is worried by the vibrations, and has difficulty trying it.
One surfers continues riding the wave for a long time.
A small village appears with a lot of people standing outside of a home.
The young child has a second cigarette and lights it with the already lit one in his mouth and a child next to him wacks his arm.
Video of a lacrosse game taken from the stands is shown.
The shot misses and the ball is in play down the field.
A group of team mates are inside a gym.
In the end, he looks again and it is all gone and he stops.
He continues arm wresting with others and the ref declaring a winner each time.
Girls are in a gymnasium with the bars and beams set up.
A girl is swinging on one of the bars.
The woman rubs soap on her right leg.
The lady shaves the bottom part of her right leg with a pink razor.
The woman dries her leg with a towel.
A boy is wearing hockey gear in the street.
He tries to defend the goal as they play.
He uses his stick to push the puck away.
The Go Pro logo is shown again.
They paddle as they glide past large cliffs.
They go under an empty space in the rocks.
They are bowling balls down the lanes and knocking down the pins.
After some time,they begin to add in the feet and doing 180 degree turns with their body and moving forward and backwards.
people are standing on side of a sandy court on seashore.
men are siting on a white table watching the game.
the man takes out the wax with a brush.
A man is standing outside in a yard.
The man then puts on the shoes and take them off.
A woman stands at a bar.
She begins pouring a drink.
She adds other ingredients to it.
women are doing a choreography in steps following the instructor.
the 2nd girl comes outside to talk to the first girl.
A cat is shown climbing a wall.
He pulls himself up with his hands.
A woman gives a cooking demonstration.
Several people are own it.
One by one the drop off of it.
The splash as they hit the water.
Kids are watching the goats through a fence at a petting zoo.
We see a lady help a boy wash his hands.
We see kids pet rabbits and goats and wash their hands.
Different techniques are demonstrated by them.
After, other teams of teens plays beach soccer in the beach.
The teams pose to take a picture.
As the walk continues,the cat stops and begins staring at a parked car with large red flames painted on the side.
Another car is parked and the cat comes to a halt again before perusing the rest of the sidewalk and walking over the puddles.
Finally,the walk ends and the cat begins walking up the steps and looking at the person who was walking him.
There is a shot of the mountain.
Several people are shown playing traditional instruments.
A girl is interviewed on the mountain.
A woman is in a kitchen, holding a cookie dough ball.
She eats it, then shows a table covered in ingredients.
She shows step by step how to mix, place, and bake the balls.
Several people are shown in different locations performing martial arts.
The man put the broccoli on the chopping board, and chopped them.
A foot kicked the ball, and the goalkeeper blocked the ball.
A pair of shoes is put in very dirty sink, after lifting and showing each shoes, a series of cleaning procedure are done in each shoes, these includes brushing the sides with a small brush and toothbrush with liquid solution and then wiping them with a cloth,  cleaning those small and hard to reach area with a unknown cleaner using cotton swabs and finally cleaning the sole and rinsing it using tap water.
The materials used in cleaning are wash and clean up and the shoes are rinse again.
A college cheer leading team does a dance routine with the mascot.
At the end of the routine the team strikes a pose on the floor as the announcer is heard over the speakers and the crowd cheers them on.
The toddler falls trying to hit the piata that went up.
After,more shots are visible of before and after results of the dog and ending with the address of the building.
The river is filmed through the trees and see see the dog again.
We see the ending title screen.
A little boy in a red shirt is walking a dog on a leash.
They are then formed into cookies and baked.
A photo of a bearded man is shown with the words "Shaving Kevin's Beard" overlaid.
Photos of him are shown from all sides.
"Kevin raised 85" is shown on a black screen.
people are around a red car trying to change the car tires.
A man gets up and walks to the bathroom.
A man serves pizza onto their plates.
He is then shown soaping and washing cars.
They have oxygen tanks on their backs and they're wearing scuba diving outfits.
Some of the people are men and some women and towards the end, someone waves and people are seen getting out of the water and back onto shore.
a man walks by a few of the camels laying down.
A woman comes onto the screen and begin to explain the process.
She gathers some soapy water and begins to scrub the counter down.
She dries the counter and or some oil on to the wood and begins to rub it in.
Next, he starts skateboarding and leaving the others behind, but soon they start to catch up on their skateboards in the streets.
She is holding a sponge and a box of baking soda.
She uses a toothbrush to scrub the bottom of the sink.
She wipes the sink with a towel.
Two men stand on grass bordering a body of water with ships sailing pass them in the background as they both play accordions.
The men play in various locations with shots of boats, birds on water and flowers interspersed with their playing.
He begins by dropping a lit matchstick into a container that has many wooden logs and tree branches in it.
After he drops the lit matchstick in the pile of wood, it ignites and bursts into flames right away.
A series of women are shown close up.
A man knocks down pins in a skating pool drop in.
One man shows another how to hold the bowling ball.
A man bowls two bowling balls at once.
A man bowls a strike in a bowling alley.
Two men interview each other on brown chairs.
A bowling ball hits the camera.
A blue screen appears and a red, white and blue logo with a W on it appears.
A green screen appears with footage links to other videos as well as sponsor logos and a subscription link.
Two men are sitting behind large drums.
They begin to play the drums with their hands.
They turn to each other and laugh.
A woman reporter speaks in a TV set.
After, three reporters are in  TV set.
Four people play badminton together with two on each team.
One round ends and the four individuals walk back to position.
The shuttlecock is served and the game begins again.
"Assembling Bullitt cargo bikes at Helsinki Metro" appears on screen.
He spins and laughs as he speeds down hill.
He is using a large leaf blower while the child watches.
He is removing shingles one at a time.
He continues removing them so they can be replaced.
She puts on several coats, then seals them with a topcoat.
The hopscotch squares are drawn all the way from the driveway onto the sidewalk.
Then he hops all the way to the sidewalk where more squares are drawn with chalk.
The girl joins him near the sidewalk and walks along his side as he hops across the squares.
The boy continues hopping across all the squares that drawn throughout the other side of the house on the sidewalk.
He hops all around his street on the sidewalk as he passes a stop sign, and a street with cars and traffic.
the woman takes a cookie cutter and cuts cookie dough.
the woman then takes the cut dough and puts it on a stick.
A man in the crowd is holding a camera and he goes behind the man on the right as the men reposition for another match.
A man is mowing the grass in his yard.
They push the mowers back and forth.
man is standing in an open court playing paintball walking and hiding behind cones.
other players are standing inside a house and gets out to start shooting someone from the other team and hiding behind stacks.
men are in a small paintball court playing.
The lady takes contacts lens from her eye balls.
The credits of the video are shown.
a woman stands in front of the man and gives him a comb and the an start combing his hair.
the woman put hairspray on the man's head and with her hands put the hair on its place.
the man is looking himself on a mirror and combin his hair.
A woman demonstrates how to apply a white wax like substance to a wooden cabinets while sitting on the floor in a kitchen wearing a green apron.
The woman produces a can of white wax like substance and then produces a circular brush.
a pot of water is boiling.
some puts several ingredients into the pot of boiling water.
then someone cooks on a skillet.
four women play volley ball on a beach.
the ball is volleyed several times before it his the sand.
Various children are seen walking around an area holding cigarettes and smoking.
More people talk to the camera as close ups are shown of kids smoking and others watching.
A close up of a wave is shown leading into a woman surfing.
More clips are shown of people surfing as well as swimming in the ocean.
A person is seen riding a surf board along the water.
He continues riding the surf board along the water and looking to the camera.
A man in a helmet is long boarding down a hill holding a stick.
a woman is washing her face with her hands showing facial rutine.
The man plays while people walk in and out of frame.
Then he stands and takes a look at how far the ball has reached in the field.
A man in glasses is seated and talking.
Another man is shown inside a bowling alley.
Groups of people do tricks and fail hilariously.
People get dropped and run into each other.
the woman then begins applying eye liner.
the woman talks to the camera then returns to applying makeup.
Two women talk to the camera from a stage in front of a large sign before cutting away to a young woman standing in front of and demonstrating the use of an upside down Christmas tree.
A young child is paiting an adult's toenails silver.
the man then demonstrates how to play the saxophone.
A man styles his hair in front of a mirror.
The man styles his facial hair in front of a mirror.
A close up of the man's shoes are shown.
The man gathers materials to clean his shoes.
The man cleans his shoes.
The man brushes his shoes with occasional blowing.
The man talks to the camera.
man is holding binoculars and is watching something through them.
man is asembling a crocket court in a green grassy field.
man is standing next to a big trophy talking to the camera.
men keep playing in the field next to a lake.
People roller skates passing around cones and a ramps to flip.
A juvenile roller skate over a ramp and jumps to holds the ring of a basketball board.
The man plays the drums with his palms.
men are breaking bricks with their hands and doing handstands.
men are in a room in the middle of a formation f man holding poles and throwing at them.
two men are fighting with swords in an open area.
men is practicnig figting n an open field with other men throwing poles at him.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and bends down to grab a brush.
A woman sits on the back of a camel.
People are standing next to them taking pictures.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holds up a bow and arrow.
He shoots an arrow and looks back to speak to the camera.
He continues showing off the bow while talking to the camera.
A bowl is shown with a series of ingredients added and then mixed.
The second bowl is mixed into the first bowl.
The mixture is covered by plastic wrap.
A baking parchment is placed on a baking tray.
The baked cookies are placed on a rack.
The beginning scene is repeated.
He begins to squeegee the window with a squeegee.
two of the men play drums.
all four men dance and play in unison.
People are interacting outside on a sunny day.
There's a man dressed in a black shirt and camouflage shorts doing stunts on a blue slackline that is tied between two trees used as anchors in a yard.
He then does a back flip from the slackline to directly land on the ground behind him.
First she folds the paper a certain way making it look like a trapezoid.
The two men start playing foosball, the taller guy scores and the shorter guy moves a peg to mark a point.
The shorter guy grabs the ball, puts it back in the table and they begin another round of foosball and the taller guy wins two more times back to back and moves his white pegs to mark his point.
The men continue to play another round and taller man finally wins again and he wins the whole game and moves his white peg once more.
They both back away from the table and we see a bigger view of the game area.
Other people have been hanging around or playing other games the whole time.
She holds several bowls of ingredients.
She then makes a salad.
Two women are talking in the hallway.
The woman with black hair walked in the studio and the other woman in gray jacket introduced the other woman with curly hair.
around the stage people are sitting on chairs in the studio.
a score is made and the girls run to the opposite end of the field.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video to show a cooking recipe.
She starts by taking a hand mixer and mixing several ingredients together to form a dressing.
The slices are marinated in sauce.
It is then cooked in a pan.
An athlete stands on a track.
He then lights a fire, showing how to make a camp fire.
The boy spins the girl and the girl spins the boy, the two do this back and forth sometimes twirling by the waist and dipping under the arm to spin.
People are walking behind him while he plays.
The man continues brushing while the boy smiles.
She washes more dishes and speaks to other.
A close up of a boiling pot is shown as she continues to work.
He garnishes played and also crack some eggs into a container.
She places on to the garnished plate and ads some salt.
a man is in a studio riding an elliptical.
the man then continues to ride the elliptical.
People are sitting on blue mats next to her.
They go over many jumps.
Two people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball.
A man is lifting himself up on two bars.
Hurling teams march on a field while bagpipe musicians play.
Clips of different teams playing in different hurling tournaments.
Hurling teams shaking hands after completing a game.
A man in green shorts lays down on the ground.
He then mixes ingredients into the container and leaves it out.
He puts it in the fridge and then drinks a glass of it.
A man is standing on a stage playing a violin.
One man then walks onto the stage and positions himself to lift up a weight.
After a long time,the man picks up the weight in a squat,bends his knees several times and finally jerks it over his head.
After, the woman takes a sponge to powder her cheeks.
a stack of wooden limbs are gathered together.
He starts a fire, and maintains it.
A woman is sitting on a mat.
She lays back and starts lifting her legs in the air.
In the end the boy panics to the camera.
Then proceeds to lift the barbell over his head and drop it to the floor.
One has a small green bird perched on his finger whom he shows the tree.
A large auditorium is filled with students watching a young man on stage play the drums.
As he continues to play,he grabs a black cloth and unfolds it over the drums to create a different sound.
During the performance,many photographers come on stage to film the guy until he finishes and the crowd gives him a standing ovation.
They are engaged in a game of kickball.
They kick the ball and run to the bases.
Then they rip the wax off his legs one strip at a time.
A woman picks up a shampoo bottle.
She starts to blow dry her hair.
A man is riding a canoe in a river.
He is  then seen talking to the camera.
The people talk back and fourth while one man sits on a pair of skis.
He then throws the Frisbee in the air and the dog grabs it in its mouth.
A woman walks onto a gym floor.
She does the splits on the floor.
Skaters begin skating up and down the ramps, through the balloons.
A man is riding on a horse.
Another man unties the legs of the calf.
One boy stops and moves snow off a car and walks through the deep snow around the car as the man and other boy keep walking.
The cameraman shows us herself and a person out in the snow.
The camera operator walks to the the vehicle the man and the boys are cleaning off and a boy runs in front of the lady.
The man starts knocking the snow off the  vehicle with the tool.
The lady holding the camera gives the camera a thumbs up before panning back to the man.
People are riding camels on the sand.
A person is standing on stilts.
They walk back and forth on a dirt trail.
The group rides together on horses down a forested path.
A lady holding the toddler puts an orange colored soap in the toddlers hands.
The toddler then rinses his hands under the faucet.
She cleans up dirt, pet food, and candies from the floor.
The instructor remains in the front of the triangle formation and continues to dance while the two behind her mimics her every move.
A woman plays drums with her palms while seated.
The woman mimes playing the drums with her palms in the air.
A guy skates around colorful cups place on the pavement as cones.
A guy in a black, sleeveless undershirt squats and skates.
The guy in a black, sleeveless undershirt stand on his tip toe with skates on.
A woman is in a gym.
She does a flip in air.
A lady performs stunts inside a gym.
The lady is lifted up by ladies, and the lady grabs her leg with her hand.
After,a young lady dressed in scrubs,walks into a room and peels off paper from a scrub brush.
Once she turns the water on,she begins scrubbing her arms and under her nails for 15 minutes.
For her last step,she uses her arms to turn the water off and walks out of the room making sure to not touch anything.
She uses a small pair of scissors to cut the cat's toenails.
A car in a driveway is shown with a man on the far side.
The man begins to dance while washing the car.
She then is shown holding two balls and the paddle, she hits one and and then gets another from the bin on the right.
Then she proceeds to demonstrate over and over how to hit the ball correctly to get the spin on it.
He fills a pot with water to boil with salt.
A band is standing together in an outside arena.
He puts his hands under a sink with running water.
He cleans his face and smiles to the camera.
A man is seen skating around a city street while a car followed by the side.
The man continues skating around and looking at the camera.
An audience cheers as several men run down a track and pole volt.
The man picks up a javelin and runs down a track.
He throws the javelin into the field in front of him.
A child climbs up a slide.
She turns around on the slide.
Butter is stirred into a pot with chocolate.
He uses a small canister and sanding block to sand a large piece of wood.
A person is seen close up in a kayak paddling along.
The person moves his arms all around the water and off into the distance.
The man wiped the frisbee and then threw it again and the dog caught and brought it back to the owner.
Several people are in a backyard playing a game of kickball and having a great time.
A kid is recording the game and showing himself the camera at the same time.
The video in the closed caption shown on the screen.
One of the little plastic men on the game flies off.
A man is standing near a window talking to the phone and looking out at the weather.
The man then comes outside and starts talking about the snow holding a red plastic stick in his hand.
The blender is mixed and the icy contents are poured into a cup.
A little girl is at a party in a house.
She is using it to hit a pinata.
The people carry him away and show more clips of people bull fighting.
A man is playing wall ball in a room.
A person is standing outside the room.
He plays for the small crowd that passes through.
the boy throws the skateboard down and a does a trick.
He talks about the decks and the way they are dealt.
She begins spinning the hoop around herself.
The teens talk each other, then spread and continues skateboarding.
Some of the teens holds hands behind their bodies while skating.
A man is hitting a ball with a club.
People are standing behind him watching.
They begin to march in place and play the drums.
A tall,thin black male athlete is standing on a track asking the crowd to clap for him.
A man is playing some bag pipes in a room.
His fingers are shown playing the bag pipes.
A couple of teams are playing inside a gym.
They are serving a volleyball back and forth over a net.
A couple of men are talking to the camera inside a club.
They are engaged in a game of beer pong.
A man is seen bouncing up and down on a rope followed by several others.
The bounce up and down while looking around.
Another group of people are seen out in public playing together.
A group of players are running across a field.
They hit the ball and get it into the goal.
They are engaged in a game of field hockey.
a man is standing holding a mallet on a field.
He hits a ball through a loop on the ground.
He demonstrates how to play the flute.
The lady rinses the sink with a blue bowl.
The camera pans away to the dining room.
Then they give each other high fives.
three men are standing on a wooden court playing squash.
men are wearing sports clothes plaing in wooden court.
They are enjoying themselves as they rhythmically play their instruments and dance along to the tune.
Another boy comes up behind him and pushes a ball down the track.
He is wearing a martial arts uniform.
He displays several kicks and punches.
Women are belly dancing on a stage.
People are sitting in chairs watching them dance.
The girls continue to dance on the stage.
A man is walking a very low, red tightrope.
The words "The End" appear on screen.
the man takes a huge leap across the floor.
Four woman and one man jump rope doing tricks with the rope.
Two women turns two ropes while a woman jumps, and  a woman and a man jumps alone.
The women and the man take turns to jump with hands and feet and make turns.
After, three women sit and pass the rope under the body, then all they jump together.
A close up of a sink is shown followed by a person wiping it down.
a couple of men are standing on an iced over lake.
They have made holes through the ice.
A young boy and young girl are playing hop scotch as the kids and adults are on the side watching.
She walks the length of the bar.
She makes several poses and then falls off to the floor.
Two people juggle a soccer ball multiple times in a volley.
The man misses a kick and the ball lands in the water.
He walks around putting on various hats and takes them off and walks around.
A group is gathered in a boxing rink.
The secret ingredient is introduced: hot sauce.
The game continues on with people walking in and out when they are hit.
He is talking about a large rug on the floor.
People are playing indoor soccer in an arena.
She then makes it look like the cake is a dress.
bulls are chasing people on streets while people runs from the bull.
He finishes the song, speaks briefly and leaves the stage.
a musician is standing and talking on a stage.
He then displays several dance moves in front of a group of kids.
He shows off the pages of a book with instructions on how to dance.
Stats are shown on the screen as the man explains some of the stats.
The boats begin to bunch together as the horn blows for the beginning of the race.
She dances while she mops the floor.
The person begins pushing tiles using the tool.
He continues to work around the roof while looking all around him.
The credits and a picture are shown.
He begins to spin around and around in circles to build up momentum.
The sky is cloudy and windy, blowing the sails.
a gymnast holds his position on top of a beam.
A few school photos are shown of a young girl.
A green arrow appears over her head each time she is in the game.
They stand up and walk away.
A man is shown in an old video, playing a keyboard.
An adult briefly leans into frame to kiss the boy.
They are engaged in a game of volleyball.
A woman is standing by a playground.
There are three dogs following her around the playground.
The woman and the dogs go down the slide.
He begins mowing the lawn in his backyard as he goes past some bushes and shrubs.
He drives is lawn mower across the front of the house towards the garage.
Several shots are shown of people riding boats and swimming in the water as well as drinking and dancing.
A person is seen riding in on a horse chasing a calf in the middle of a large crowd.
More clips are shown of people riding around on wakeboards.
People continue to ride around the water while waving to the camera.
He lands on a mat on the other side.
The dog is black and white and the lady is throwing an orange Frisbee around to her to catch in her mouth.
Each time the girl throws it,the dog catches it and returns it anticipating more.
A person with an unseen face is shown, via their hands, demonstrating how to put a chain on a bicycle.
A series of metal clamps are shown before A bicycle with gold spikes and a black white walled tire is shown without a chain, as a hand begins to apply one to the bicycle.
A man is seen hosting a news segment and leads into a group of people sitting with a dog.
The men shake hands and begin playing a game of crochet.
He uses an electric razor that he shows to the camera.
He shaves his head and trims his beard.
A man is shown dealing cards to a group of people.
A woman is seen holding a rubix cube and begins attempting to solve it.
She holds up the puzzle and solves it several more times.
After,several athletes are shown in the room competing with one another and serving the ball over the net.
Some individuals then come over to the man with the microphone and begin doing small interviews with him about the sport.
A person is seen walking along the ice dragging a sled.
A female weight lifter walks up to a barbell.
A woman is standing in a kitchen.
She adds juice to it.
A girl with her back facing the camera turns around and begins solving a rubik's cube.
The man begins quickly turning the rubik's cubes until the colors are all the same on each side.
A young child is seen sitting in a swing moving back and fourth.
A little boy is sitting down on a crate and he pours some water out on his hand and washes his face.
Other people are shown playing guitar while the man plays more drums.
He continues to play drums and smile to the audience.
A man kneels down and puts a mask on.
He starts welding a piece of metal in front of him.
the woman then demonstrates how to use the rollers.
Men stand in a track and two of them raise his arms.
A man stands in a circle spinning a heavy ball to perform hammer throw.
Then, the man throw the ball and walks away.
A man wearing a pink poncho stands on front a camera.
He then explains how to hold the knife and how to move it along with the steel.
He cleans the knife on a towel and shows the residue left behind.
A black screen appears and fades into a white screen with online culinary schools, websites and a copyright to a company.
fence is in front of the house and man is painting it.
More tiles are pushed off of the roof as they pull away items.
They finish pulling off the tiles.
a woman comes down a slide with a little girl in her lap.
the two fall to the floor at the end of the slide.
A person is working out on a machine.
He puts on a shirt while another man walks in and out of frame.
This time the juvenile smokes and exhales the smoke through the tube doing smoke rings.
He throws it to the ground and ties its back legs.
different drinks and liquors are shown on top of a table.
he man serve the drink in a martini glass.
The surfer rides waves in the ocean ducking into the hollow wave faces.
A man is seated behind the table with a group.
They are all playing bongo drums.
Man pushes a white toy car.
A toy dump truck is under the pump.
A blue truck dumps black items into the form.
Two couples play tennis in a competition on front people.
The person is standing with a blue floor map.
The person mopped the wooden floor.
He begins break dancing for the camera.
He spins and flips over and over.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a bottle.
They continue bouncing as they throw the balls.
The man finishes his routine strong with multiple flips in the air, lands on his feet, raises his two arms on the sides, claps and then walks away as two men are walking towards him.
One kicks a ball in the air.
She then runs around to the home plate.
A man walks around a field that leads into people playing a game.
A smiling man posing while the camera flashes in front of him.
Large pyramids are shown in front of them.
The boy quickly gets up and the boy who knocked the other boy down runs to the ball and picks up with his net at the end of the stick and starts running towards the goal while the referee runs with him.
the same man then stands on top of a diving board.
They continue speaking while holding sticks and the woman continues practicing as the hosts speak.
A man speaks to the camera and shows people skiing and climbing inside a ice cave.
girls are doing gymnastics in a stage.
men are doing jumps on a pole in stage.
men and women are walking in sidewalk and enters to a restaurant.
people start playing beerpong in a party and a lot of people are in the background.
The person wipe the next glass window.
The person wipe the next smaller glass window with the wiper.
Then he shows his teeth after having brushed for awhile and continues brushing again.
He is showing a set of drums in front of him.
A woman is wearing a purple apron.
She mixes ingredients together into a bowl and stirs it together.
She puts the cookie sheet into the oven.
She takes the cookies out of the oven and takes a bite.
She feeds a bite of the cookie to the dog next to her.
An athletic woman is seen standing before a track and running into a pit.
She jumps down the track once again.
The boat begins to move slowly.
A man is shown in his back yard.
He is using a chain saw on a large hedge.
He is using exercise equipment available to him.
He washes his hands in a sink.
A group of people are standing outside a building.
They take turns jumping across a hopscotch game on the concrete.
He holds up a knife and continues to sharpen the blade.
Several more people step up to kick a goal with the goalie standing in front.
The men continue to kick balls while walking in and out frame.
A person is seen playing the drums while others watch on the side.
He plays the drum over and over while the others watch in amazement.
The individual mixes paints on a surface.
The individual mixes more paints on the surface.
A girl is seen bending down before a car.
A person is seen walking in the snow carrying skis and leads into people skiing.
People are shown in several clips jumping off sides and landing onto snow.
The camera briefly shows four full glasses of lemonade and cuts to a person pointing out the various ingredients needed to make the beverage.
Next the person is seen cutting a lemon in half and then squeezing the juice through a strainer into a glass.
Afterwards the person pours honey into a spoon and into the glass.
A large group of people are seen standing around and dipping brushes into paint.
They then get out and ride a surfboard on the water.
This man is canoeing in his red canoe and he is using the wooden paddle to get through water.
A small white dog is in a black cage.
It gets tied up to a table.
She is washing dishes in the sink.
She picks up a wine glass and takes a drink.
A woman is seen standing next to a dog who is licking her.
She then begins grooming the dog all around.
She continuously pets the dog while grooming his fur and letting him lick her face.
The man pour a paint on the white surface then use the paintbrush to mix the paint.
The paint is brushed on a canvas, the person started sketching on the canvas and painted brown color.
The man mixes the colors and painted in the canvas.
She continues to spin and dance for the camera while laughing and smiling.
Several people are rowing in the ocean water.
They try to win by paddling as fast as possible.
They continue doing the moves in unison.
the man stands and get out the river and walks to the land.
a couple of people are in a room together.
He is drinking a beer while she waxes the hair off his legs.
A man dressed in a red jacket and a woman wearing a blue dress are walking in a casino.
A man wearing a white suite, black bowtie, and a black eye patch is sitting at a casino table and handling his poker chips.
The man wearing the red jacket talks to the man wearing the eye patch, he sits down and they begin a game at the table while other people look on as they play and the dealer talks with them.
A card is flipped, a king and a jack are revealed, and the dealer grabs a stack of chips from a player and the players continue to talk.
A woman is shown speaking to the camera while showing off her nails and nail polish.
The man digs into the details on the pumpkin while the camera moves around.
A red car is shown and then the interior with a man lifting the emergency brake, then he is shown placing a rock under the tire and flipping through the car manual and the camera zooms in on the trunk drawing.
He lowers the jack and places the old tire into the trunk and shuts the trunk.
Several boys in an indoor gymnastic gym performs extensive and complicated tumbles on bouncy floors  in front of coaches and fellow gymnast and students.
A series of boys are then displayed exhibiting complicated turns and tumbles, sometimes alone and sometimes in unison forwards and backwards on gym mats and bounce floors.
a man and a dog are standing in a shower stall.
the man bends down and rubs shampoo on the dog.
A man is walking down the hall in a building.
Several people are moving around in the floor.
More men are shown working with another man speaking to the camera.
Ladies are walking down the road waving flags.
They lose their balance and flip in the water.
A man is hanging a large strip of wallpaper.
He rolls up the wallpaper, then reapplies.
One of the individuals plays table tennis with the machine.
A small boy plays table tennis with the machine as others watch on.
A group of children are playing in a yard.
They have drawn hopscotch on the ground with chalk.
The man then begins mixing the items and polishing a pair of shoes.
A man comes and cuts a section of the grass with a hand tool.
He cuts a few more sections.
Then he holds up the grass he has cut to the camera and walks away.
The person is waving their hands over the two items as the camera zooms in.
The next scene shows the top of the table and liquid being poured over the top after a few seconds a person begins wiping the solution into the table in small circular motions.
A woman is talking in a room full of balloons.
She is then shown on an elliptical.
She runs on it intersperced with talking on the camera.
A man is plastering a ceiling.
The man turns away from the ceiling and looks down.
A male hands over the metal plaster holder to a guy on the floor.
A piece of metal is laid out.
A bike wheel is removed.
The bike wheel is put back into place.
A woman runs down the track.
The man lets go of the railing and falls below  just above the body of water and begins to bounce at the end of the bungee rope.
A group of kids are dancing around a living room.
He continues decorating the tree in front of them.
The two men speak to a group of young people as they prepare a homemade pasta dish.
Scenes from a lacrosse game between the teams are shown.
A man talks to the camera in close up.
A man is seen playing a piano and singing in a public place.
A man hands out pamphlets while the man continues to play piano and others watch.
A man is riding a surf board in the ocean water.
He stays balanced as he goes sideways over a wave.
He avoids other surfers as he continues on his board.
woman is laying on the floor doing abs.
the woman is next to a waterfall doing abs.
A woman and a little girl begin decorating a Christmas tree.
The little girl is kneeling down in front of the tree putting gold bulbs onto the tree.
The girl helps at the end too so everyone can get out of their driveway.
These 2 people are standing on skis waiting for the boat to pull them in the water.
A man is standing behind a table.
He begins to polish the table in front of him with a rag.
A before and after photo of the table is shown.
The long jumper fouls on numerous tries.
We see a title over a video screen.
We see people riding tubes down a steep slope.
We see a man push a boy down the slope.
We see the ending title and credits.
A group of people are seen riding a ski lift and riding down a mountain.
There's a person dressed in a black shirt doing a tutorial on how to powder skis to maintain them.
He begins by demonstrating how to sprinkle powder on the skis that are placed on a large red table in front of him.
A man walks into frame and begins adjusting a machine.
He continues ironing the shirt back and fourth.
He begins playing, showing how it is done.
Two men are seen speaking to one another while one holds a guitar.
Another man is seen off in the distance and the man with the guitar begins playing.
She kicks her legs back and fourth while still looking at the camera.
She continues to kick her legs around.
A man talks about the best practices to prepare to roller skate.
a man is sitting at a piano.
The boy's dad comes over to help him get the insides out of the pumpkin.
They begin to use a marker to draw a face on the pumpkin.
The camera pans back and we can see the people who are below the dragon kite.
This video shows the man arm wrestling different opponents.
First he arm wrestles a man wearing a black shirt and then he arm wrestles a shirtless man.
A man is crouching on the ground.
The camera shows a wheelbarrow full of wood.
The camera pans up to show a man holding an axe.
The man uses the axe to split some wood.
The camera zooms in on a man playing a violin.
A woman is seen standing inside a room.
A drum is being played at the stage and camera men are taking pictures and videos.
The people are on stage talking and the people with white hats are standing watching.
two woman and man start scraping a dirt away from a tree.
A couple of people are in an indoor basketball court.
They are playing a game of one on one.
They bounce the ball and try to get it into the basket.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while moving her hands around.
She runs her hands through her hair and begins styling it.
A woman is seated in a stylist cape.
A woman is working on her hair, separating it into sections.
The people scrub down the dog while spraying it with a shower head.
a man stands on a ocean front beach.
The lady steps backwards, while the guy steps forward.
A person, face unseen, is shown seated, and playing an acoustic/electric guitar in a room with another electric guitar in the background.
He holds up a string and discusses how to use it.
He then demonstrates the positions and techniques of bowling.
A couple of men are standing next to a river.
They move their bodies slowly and in unison.
A group from a band is marching down a street.
The individual puts socks on his feet.
He sprays the soap off the car with the hose.
A small child is seen standing on a lawn.
The girl picks up a ball and throws it around the yard.
When the ice cream is done he tastes it and describes how good the flavor is.
Then we see him involved in a game of lacrosse.
A family pose in front of their Christmas tree in their living room.
The man poses with the baby.
Scenes of various individuals engaged in competitive curling are shown, intersperse with occasional eyecatch screens with numbers.
An animated white title screen with a logo is shown.
Another women then begins cutting the cat's claws and wrapping her up in a blanket.
Several clips are shown of celebrities walking the red carpet and leads into a woman speaking with a man.
A group of people jump up and down slapping their knees.
The crowd dances sarcastically to his music.
The girls laugh to one another as they continue to play and walk around.
man is standing in a alge ield doing a shot put.
woman is wearing black clothes doing a shot put in a large green field.
The materials, tools and and how to make it are demonstrated step by step.
The Asian girl resets and practices a new set of clean and jerk lifts.
The Asian girl rests between lifts and returns for another set of lifts.
The man in black vest is sitting on the table.
The man spread the cards on the table.
The man is putting the cards on the table and pointing it the cards.
She puts the contact into her eye.
A group of people are doing martial arts moves in the woods.
A small group of people are seen playing volleyball on a sandy court.
They continue playing and high fiving one another.
Graphics with the "iSport com Instructional Video Lessons" appears on screen.
"Power Dribble" overlays video of the players demonstrating the steps of doing it.
team are on ice court playing hockey.
people on sands are watching the competition.
Two men are seen sword fighting and several people wander around an area.
The people play drinking games with one another as well as celebrate.
man is running in the field and he stumbles with another.
The men continue hitting one another and the host speaks to the camera.
Several kids are shown performing jump rope stunts at a jump rope performance.
One of the tricks they perform involves the use of a hula hoop.
A man in a black shirt throws a ball.
A tattoo artist is applying a tattoo to his arm.
He removes and replaces a tire on the bike.
Then, the man puts wood on the device and blows the flames.
Several clips are seen of divers jumping into water.
The men ride the helicopter.
A man in a sailing boat is sailing through the water.
A man is standing in the middle of an obstacle course.
They engage in a game of paintball shooting.
A large group of children are seen driving cars around playing bumper cars.
The kids continue to drive around and cash into one another.
A man is shown wearing martial arts clothing inside a house.
two men are playing squash on a wooden room.
man is walking on carpet outside the court.
All of a sudden,a young lady appears dressed in a silver and blue leotard and begins doing her routine across the floor.
One of the three people riding is a young boy, who throws an object from the camel.
The riders continue on their way in delight.
One man deals cards and chips while speaking to one another.
the womans erve salad on white plates and the man put the fish on top and pour a dressing on top.
man is kneeling on a gym holding a lift on his right arm.
man in the gym is doing exercise.
She is in the process of making a dessert.
She mixes all the ingredients and then shows the final product.
brasil vs argentina game is playing in a large green field.
A woman is shown with braids in her hair.
Several views are shown of an elliptical in a room.
He continues to rub down the shoes while looking all around.
the woman begins making a cocktail.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about working in the kitchen.
A man comes onto the screen and shows people how to best sharpen their knives while commenting on the best way to do it.
A man is seen speaking to the camera.
Lights are turning on over a swimming pool.
A man is working out in a gym.
A person is standing next to a couch.
They are spray painting the couch purple.
They put the cushions back onto the couch.
His friends join him, and they play croquette.
The woman then shows the final product finished and there is an outro with the credits.
A boy is plying on a jungle gym while a man video tapes him.
He goes down the slide and runs around to the other side.
The man talks to the camera for a bit and then begins to record the boy again.
Two people are in a room playing wall ball.
A man in a karate outfit demonstrates different martial arts moves in a special effects background.
A man stands in a purple haze and begins to demonstrate martial arts moves using his hands as a exhibition.
The man then turns for a profile view and continues to exhibit and demonstrate martial arts moves.
A dog is watching them.
They grab each other and jump.
Two men play squash in an indoor court.
The two men toss the ball back and forth between rounds.
While he's washing his hands,he makes sure to wash his hands thoroughly and take all of he debris from up under his nails.
The RN then retreats down the hallway,turns around to open the door with his backside and grabs a sterile towel to dry his hands.
A man is sitting on a horse.
He jumps off the horse and ties the legs of a calf.
We see a boy cut open and clean out a pumpkin.
The man goes to the sink then leaves the room and comes back.
The man finishes carving  and walks away.
A man comes to a stop riding a bike down a hillside and talks.
The man adjusts the brakes and the handle bar grips.
The man takes off and rides away.
a dog spins around in a circle with her.
the woman stops spinning, the dog then stands on the woman's back.
the woman throws the frisbee and the dog catches it.
the woman and the dog continue to do various tricks.
The chef grabs a bowl of salad and shows it off.
The chef shows off her salad before proceeding to pour olive oil into a cup.
With a spoon, the chef pours in a spice and some salt into the cup.
The chef shows off shredded garlic before throwing it into the cup.
The chef pours the ingredients into the salad.
The chef grabs two salad utensils and tosses the salad.
She pats the side of the snow and continues shoveling some more gesturing how strong she was.
It seems to catch on the carpet.
He uses tools to shave and clean another man's neck.
The man then signs a sheet to have his hair shaved off.
A woman is standing behind a music stand.
She sets the flute down and looks around.
People are seen watching her play.
A man is shown inside a workshop.
He is then shown outdoors, applying gear around his waist.
He uses a trimmer to trim and cut the hedges in his yard.
She kneels on a floor and shows how to apply a rug so it will stay in place.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about a pasta dish.
He started by soaking porcini mushrooms in some water until they are soft.
He adds some cooked pasta into the porcini sauce with some reserved pasta liquid.
He serves up the dish on a plate and tastes it.
They pump up the tire with a red pump.
The two continue to arm wrestle.
The army man on the right is the winner and the rest cheer and jeer.
The man with long hair is talking to the camera and holding a wooden bow.
A close up of a lemon is shown with liquid being squeezed out.
A dog is seen laying in a tub with a person's hand rubbing it's belly.
A young girl is seen dancing around in front of a swing.
She continues riding up and down on the swing.
The screen fades black and the woman returns speaking some more.
Girls are playing tennis on the court.
the referee skates over and breaks up the fight.
The men then begins playing the guitar while another plays the harmonica and sings.
Close up shots are shown of people fencing back and fourth.
People continue to fence with one another as people watch on the sides.
A girl is sitting outside on the grass.
She shows off her new shoes while she talks.
A red and white title screen appears with words in Spanish saying,Como Hacer!After,several images of different females appear and they are all hula hooping.
Several martial artists are outside on tile.
They are beside a large building.
another kid skate boards behind the first kid.
they both then zig zag down the street together.
The hands resume putting ingredients on the bun.
Strides used during a marathon are shown and illustrated.
The man begins doing situps on the bench.
The man gets off the bench and folds a towel on the ground.
The man then returns to doing his exercise.
A man is then seen skateboarding down a long road.
He uses the pole to vault through the air.
A man is seen standing on a field while others walk around him.
the girl climbs on the balance beam an performs several tricks.
the man then starts exercising on a stair stepper.
the man completes and entire workout routine.
A group of team mates are gathered on a track.
An athlete runs and jumps into the sand.
The crowd claps as he stands and walks away.
A woman helps a small child to hold a blue rod, while other individuals walk around in the background.
The child walks away as the pinata is lifted off the ground.
The woman helps the small child with the rod again.
People walk in and out of frame as the people begin playing beer pong.
The people play continuously with one another while others watch on the side and people hug.
The people continues to swim around the ocean while holding up cards and gesturing to one another.
A weight lifter is seen inside a gym.
He then lifts it over his head before dropping it.
A man walks down to a lake with a little boy.
A couple of men are shown at a camp site together.
We then see them cooking and building a fire.
The teams continue to play against one another while the man speaks to the camera.
A person is seen walking into frame holding a racket.
He is leaning against a rail inside a building.
A group of swimmers gather in front of judges.
A girl dives off the board into the water.
The right guy wins a point he pumps his fist and removes his helmet.
The left guy bends down and pumps his fist.
A man blocks another man with a blue mat.
A man pours concrete onto a plate.
He spreads it around evenly.
There are several people wearing helmets and vests, rowing rafts in the river in the wilderness.
A group is gathered closely together at sinks in a commercial kitchen.
they are all wearing gloves and aprons as they wash the dishes.
A baby kitten is lying down on a bed.
A lady and a man in karate uniforms practice kicks in a room with carpet.
The finger returns on the screen.
A young girl walks a dog around the area.
Another man follows her from behind.
Two men are playing kick dance at the center of the circle.
He catches a fish and then puts it back in the water under the ice.
He then catches a few more fish afterwards.
in the bacground two people are standing nex to a pool watching the game.
in stands three people are sitting watching the game.
A group of people compete in an indoor beer pong tournament.
People are shown throwing ping pong balls into beer filled cups.
A group of people accept trophies at the event as onlookers celebrate and drink beer and the man returns to speak briefly into the camera.
A woman is working inside a salon.
She has a small dog on a table.
Two men are standing on a field carrying nets.
They guard each other and play Lacrosse.
Words come onto the screen.
A car pulls into a driveway and women get out.
A man is diving under the ocean water.
He swims away from the camera, looking back.
He then turns sideways, still watching and swimming.
The instructor then begins stepping up and down on the mat and begins the routine.
As the routine becomes more rigorous,the ladies attempt to keep up but all of them aren't and one ends up just walking away until she has gained clarity.
First the news reporter tells viewers what horrible event is going on.
After,three rectangles appear and the same girl is doing another action in each one to groom the dog.
A woman in a baby blue shirt is at a park practicing.
She has a baton and she does some cool trick with it.
Two people are seen walking around a fooseball table playing.
They continue to play with one another.
two men are standing on the ohe part of the court playing shuffleboard.
A TV reporter interviews players talking and asking questions to them.
A man is dancing on the sidewalk.
Another person's feet are shown dancing.
Words are shown on the screen.
Several skateboarders are skating down a very steep hill recording themselves at the same time.
At the end of the video they show themselves chatting and talking with the camera and the closing credits are shown.
The boy and the man then show how to wash hands and all the steps.
At the end they are at a table and eating food, giving tips about what is sanitary and healthy handling food.
Several images are shown of various sports.
The fire continues going up higher and higher.
A machine is shown sitting in a living room floor.
A man sits on the equipment and straps it onto his feet.
He begins playing a harmonica he is holding in his hand.
Two people are seen hosting a news segment that leads into people speaking to the camera.
different knives are shown on display.
Several people are laid out on the beach and a boy walks over and gives a girl a frisbee.
As the young lady holds the frisbee,she begins talking to her friend about the game and the guy holds a can in his hand.
A black and white scene appears with two individuals sitting on a bench.
After,the dog begins to mess with the guy and the snobby lady places her dog on the ground.
He begins moving his hands on the drum.
The man bends down and demonstrates how to play curling.
He pushes a puck back and fourth while using his feet and sliding away in the end.
People are seen walking on the beach that leads into a man surfing on the water.
A large group of men are outside a warehouse.
They run in, hiding behind obstacles.
A man wearing blue pants plays and instrument.
the child skier skies next.
They take turns running down the mat and doing flips over the beam.
They are each named as they run and flip.
Then when she's finished, it looks like a real purse in her hands.
The boy is in the living room again and then in the gym, showing how lightweight, durable and versatile the pommel horse is that even a kid assemble it.
A male is standing outside white a basketball jersey and gym shorts on,talking while holding on to a red rope.
Behind him,there is a large pool and plants with a man on the other die of the food holding the rope as well.
Rafts are lined up on the side of a river.
People are sitting on tubes in the snow.
They begin sledding down the hill on the tubes.
After, the man pass the iron over the strap on the ski.
He then blows into it, showing how it works.
Video and photos of the bike are shown followed by a woman adjusting the seat of the bike.
The other cat jumps up to the other and runs away.
the man then runs toward the hoop and shoots.
the man retrieves the ball & shoots the ball again.
The man is sitting on the brown horse and the horse walks in the beginning.
Some people in the crowd clap and wave the flags in their hands.
men are in a field playnig throwing a ball.
a woman is standing over a table.
Other people sail on individual boats in the choppy waters in the river.
Two people stand on the bank of the river.
This is a video on how to do a braid for girl's hair.
After,men and women appear dressed as Samurai and start to fight each other in a big open field charging each other with long swords.
A diver is standing at the top of a diving board.
He prepares to jump from the high dive multiple times.
She balances on the beam, then flips forward and backward several times.
He goes off of a jump and crashes at the bottom.
A uniformed line of people are traveling across a desert in India on camels.
One group of people are seen stagnant with what appears to be their family,with only two people and the rest of them surrounding each other on the ground with blankets.
A boy is painting a wooden fence in front of him.
when finish she take off the elliptical and push it very easily.
woman is doing exercise in a living room in front of a white couch.
The men are also shown above the ice working their poles and catching several fish.
man is diving on a cart on the woods.
a naked man is driving a cart on the back of the house.
naked man is in a cart on the woods driding a car.
A person is seen jumping off a diving board into a pool.
Several more people are seen jumping off the diving board into the pool.
A man throws frisbee after frisbee in the air each of which his dog catches in mid air.
An audience in front on the sidelines erupts in applause at the final frisbee catch.
Words are shown on the screen.
A man in a black shirt is playing the bag pipes.
He stops playing and sets the bag pipes down.
The woman is standing holding a jumping rope while an old man walked behind her.
Several men are doing dead lifting in a weight lifting competition.
One by one, they squat down, grab the weight, stand, and lift it over their heads before dropping it.
The thirteenth man also fails, dropping his weight before lifting it high.
the man then returns to talk to the camera.
A man is seen spinning around and throwing an object off into the distance.
The man throws it again several more times.
More people are shown throwing the object one after other.
People are skiing down a hill of snow.
A man is waxing the bottom of a ski.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a skateboard.
He points to the board and helmet and leads into him bending down on the grass.
He then demonstrates how to ride around on the board on the tar as well as falling in the end.
The camera shows an aerial view of a polo grounds with stands.
A number of individuals are shown playing polo.
The polo grounds are shown being watered with a machine.
More polo play is shown, interspersed with quick cuts of audience reactions, player interviews, and crew actions.
A series of unrelated quick cuts shows buildings, people, and activities nearby the polo grounds.
A number of individuals are shown playing polo again, interspersed by an audience reaction.
A man talks while a person make gestures with his body and face.
After, teh man and the person are shirtless shooting each other, and one gets injured and vomit.
One man on horseback goes after a calf and then stops his horse and ties up the calf.
He tries a second time and goes after a calf and rope him and tie up the calf's legs as fast as he can.
We see the men riding a plow and a helicopter.
The men jump out of the helicopter and ski down a steep slope.
We see the ending screen for British Columbia.
They are pulling two water skiers behind them.
A girl is leaning in front of a camera.
She is applying eye makeup as she talks.
men goes down the hill in skateboards.
man is mixing cement in a big plastic bowl.
the man is talking to the camera and its milling the walls wih a spatula and a woman is doing the same.
the man is talking to the camera holding big poles.
The young athlete jumped on the pole and began turning around the pole with his arms and hands.
A young kid walked at the side of the mat as the young boy is doing his rounds.
The person continues to bowl walking in and out of frame.
They start going and crashing into each other.
She adds them to a pot and creates a dish.
people are walking on the rooftop in the right part of the building.
A cat  licking his right paw.
Eventually moving his paws behind his ears licking and brushing repeatedly.
The police officers and woman converse.
The police officer offers the ice cream cone to the woman.
A man who is Robert Deniro grabs the phone and begins talking to a man who is in the casino on the end of the receiver.
Shortly,the dealer is changed and the men still have an issue with the game and starts to throw the cards at the dealer.
A small child is seen standing before a sink washing dishes.
Hockey players enter a hockey rink.
They are then shown backstage messing around.
Another girl curls her hair and shows a man and girl speaking to the camera.
Large waves in the water appear with people trying to body surf them, mostly unsuccessfully.
A group of people high five on the beach.
One walks to the circle in the center.
Several people are in a manmade race track.
We see a cameraman filming in the middle of the floor.
One man runs away with the glove and goes right then left.
He is using a net to play a game with a small child.
two boys and one man each swing on a swing set.
the man laughs really while swinging the highest.
the second boy jumps off his swing.
then the kid is shown skiing down hill.
an adult skis behind the kid.
woman is dancing arabian music doing the belly dance.
A man is seen sitting on a bench playing a harmonica.
The man kicks his feet while he plays along.
He continues to play the instrument and pauses to speak to others.
The harness broke and the woman fell in the water.
The woman is being interviewed and showing her wounds.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing on stilts.
Two men demonstrate how to apply tiling to a ceiling using different tools and themselves in action as the demonstration.
A man stands in a room over a laid out selection of tiles and measures them with a measuring tape and then cuts them with a ruler and cutting device.
The man then joins another man on a ladder as they begin and end putting the tiles on the ceiling.
A man in blue is hitting an object over a net.
A man wearing a black hat is sitting outdoors.
He continues juggling with his hands.
He finishes jugging by dropping the balls.
A close up is seen of a fancy bowling ball.
A man walks up to a lane with a ball in his hand.
He throws the ball, knocking down pins.
name of a song with a countdown is shown.
people are on a wooden basket court practicing a choreography.
little kid wearing a pink shirt is standing next to the group watching them.
man is mowing the lawn in a backyard.
A woman walks into frame swinging a jump rope around her.
She stops jumping and walks out of frame.
A man in a white shirt is standing next to the court.
First the man jumps on the diving board while he stands backwards towards the water and then he circles in the air landing into the water.
There is music playing throughout the video and the man dives into the water from different sized boards indoors and outdoors.
A boy is standing on a beach.
A matador waves a cape in a fight.
A little girl is standing in a circle of people.
She is given a long pole to hold.
She uses the pole to hit a pinata over and over.
old men are putting cloth tiles on the floor.
men are cutting circles on the blue cloth tiles to put on the floor.
They pass each other at a great speed.
The car goes over several bridges and through towns and countrysides.
Several logos in a square appear on the screen before all of them flash together.
After some time,a man then comes and begins talking about his experience.
Several images are shown of breakfast and cooking items.
Then we see numerous stills of a woman creating a salad.
A man is break dancing on the ground.
The hit is shown again several more times while players skate around.
He takes a hit from a hookah and blows out the smoke.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a rag.
A woman attempts to throw a javelin.
She throws the javelin and then it is measured.
She hurts herself at the end.
More people take their turns bungee jumping one after the other while smoke speak to the camera and each other.
A man is on a field in front of spectators.
He spins and throws a ball for distance.
Then the sandwiches are grilled.
a woman is sitting next to him talking.
A simplified map diagram of the group's intended rafting course is shown.
A man is seen spinning around in a circle and throwing an object into the distance.
One last man steps up to throw the object off into the distance several times.
A woman gives a tutorial on ballet moves.
This shirtless man is surfing on the calm waves of water.
Then the man who's supposedly surfing falls down.
A group of men are standing outside a rink.
They are using jump ropes to exercise.
They jump up and down tirelessly over the ropes.
Then many people start to wash their hands using soap or cleaning them using hand sanitizer.
A person tries to get in the sailboat where there is a man.
The person and the man sail standing on the boat holding the ropes of the sail.
A large group of people are seen running around a gym.
The group plays a game of dodgeball against other kids.
A close up of a box is shown followed by a person wrapping it with paper.
He picks up a large mug of beer and chugs it.
He then sets the mug down onto the table.
Someone sitting next to him claps.
A man trains his dog how to catch frisbees and perform tricks and stunts on a large grass covered field by himself.
A man throws a red frisbee at a white and brown dog and the dog catches it and brings it back.
Two people kayak on a rough, narrow, body of water surrounded by rocks using paddles to navigate the water, later on the y kayak off of rocks and slide into the water.
A woman shows how to get odor out of shoes.
Then she pours the baking soda back out.
The person finishes the nails and the girl gives a thumbs up.
A person is spraying a car with a hose.
A woman in a red top is kneeling on a blue mat.
The woman returns to a kneeling position.
A man is standing outside in front of a row of trees.
the guys then mount their bikes behind the start line.
all of the guys then race across a track of hills and sharp turns.
The person grabs the bowl filled with colorful vegetables and they spoon it into an empty clear bowl.
The person then grabs the large clear measuring cup that has mayonnaise in it and they spoon it on top of the vegetables and they mix it all together with the spoon until the vegetables are completely covered, then they spoon the rest of the mayonnaise into the bowl that was left in the measuring cup.
He continues using the tool and stops to speak to the camera.
She lands on a blue mat in front of her and puts her arms up.
The jumps are measured by men.
In between jumps, they rake the dirt.
a cake with a hershey shape is in a white plate.
then the mix is pour in cupcake liners.
A swimmer stands on a very high platform.
A small group of men are seen standing on a field.
The continue to run around and chase the ball.
She walks around the horse and brushes the other side of the horse.
A group is riding a boat in the river.
The kids are then able to dismount from the camel.
A woman is shown in images, and so is a man.
She cuts and styles it, showing off the final result.
A man vacuums a floor, prepares of bucket of water and bleach, then mops a floor, pours the bucket water in the toilet and returns to speaking to the camera.
A person is seen laying plaster down on a roof.
He continues to lay plaster down on the roof.
A man is seen sitting on a horse and rides in chasing a calf.
The man ropes a calf and climbs back on the horse.
three people are knelled down holding a measuring tape.
one boy gets up and holds a shut put.
Man in a blue t-shirt kneels down on the floor.
Man pushes forward and touches the kneecap on the wall.
He continues discussing the artform, while interviewing a man rappelling the side of a cliff.
He then sniffs the sidewalk at the end.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in a crowded bar.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and pointing to a blow dryer.
A woman is preparing to dive into a pool.
She goes to the diving board and leans forward.
They begin performing a routine using batons and others watching on the side.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a box.
She opens the box and pulls out a pair of shoes.
White text appears on the screen explaining the steps further.
The barbell has yellow plate and the man started to lift it several times as the other man is sitting and watching him.
Several hair products are then shown.
Six kids are having karate lesson while several spectators are watching them on the sideline.
After the kicking move, the line breaks and the last two kids in line move further back and the grown man move on the side next to them.
They proceed to there previous position and began to rearrange and face their respective partners.
They bow their heads with each partner and duel while the two man sitting on the chair are watching them.
There is an intro with a woman's name.
Then we see an animated woman wearing a blue shirt and hoop earrings on stage with a microphone.
The scene goes back and forth from the stage with the woman and an animated nail salon with other women.
A man dressed in a black and yellow jacket speaks to a crowd.
A man wearing a yellow sweater and holding a beer stretches on a ski slope.
Scenes of different skiers jumping and performing tricks on the ski slopes.
A large crowd of spectators standing on the slopes watching the skiing athletes compete in different competitions.
A woman is standing on a ladder outside a trolley.
He is holding hockey stick.
A man is seen standing with his arm up and climbs on top of a beam.
He jumps down and and cheers while walking away and his performance is shown again.
They spin and twirl as they dance.
He is holding a skateboard as he talks.
The man does shoulder dips between the bars on the exercise equipment.
The man does push ups on the parallel bars.
A baby is shown floating in water.
He sinks below the surface, looking around.
A couple of teams are gathered on a court together.
A girl in the middle spins around.
They take off running and jump onto a swing set.
A man is standing inside a track while spectators watch.
He throws it as far as he is able.
A woman in an orange vest wearing skis is standing at the edge of a dock by the water.
A boat comes and the people inside the boat throw her a line and she grabs it.
Then they take off and she skis behind the boat.
The woman hold the center of the plastic.
The woman tied the ribbon on the wrapper and cut the excess ribbon.
More clips of people playing hockey on a rink and a man holding a microphone because talking and the blue words on the bottom of the screen read "NEW RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE APPEARANCE".
The men are done playing hockey and are now standing in a line so they can shake hands.
Then a large group of the players and although people on the ice gather together to take pictures while people in the stands watch on.
People are tearing up the roof on a house.
A man is standing on the roof.
A close up of a pan is shown with a person mixing in food.
The person continues cooking and places it on a plate.
The man has one hand holding the white cats paw and the other nail clippers.
After some time,the guy takes off running and does a jump with the pole vault.
He lands the jump successfully drops the stick and walks off of the mat.
A flag is blowing in the wind outside.
a woman is sitting wiping her legs.
another woman is sitting in front of the camera talking.
the first woman then begins shaving her legs.
the man then sandblasts the wood.
the man then wipes the piece of wood clean.
A person is walking along green grass that is surrounded by water.
Suddenly a leaf blower begins and the person blows all of the leaves into a large pile.
The person walks away from the pile and blows the leaves into another direction and goes to another pile and blows the leaves from the smaller pile over to the area with the bigger pile.
The leaves are now in a big pile together and the person keep blowing them into a pile walking around and around the pile.
A close up of potatoes are shown as well as a peeler.
A person is then seen peeling the potatoes in front of the camera.
the man then begins to cut his beard off with a set of electric clippers.
The lady watching turns her head to the right.
The girl finishes playing and lowers her flute.
A woman is belly dancing on carpet.
People are behind her watching her.
She does a spin and bows.
A man is shown attempting several hammer throws in a practice arena while.
Two people are seen sitting and speaking while holding drinks.
They are then shown holding brooms and pushing containers around and writing on paper.
In the end they are shown speaking again outside.
two man are standing outside of a forest.
Two people are stretching on the side and the man grabs a boogie board.
A large dog walks into a building.
The dog sits on a table and gets brushed.
She dries the dog with a towel and blow drier.
a car speeds through the street.
the car pulls a man who is water skiing through the flooded street.
Throughout the routine they dance, lift and launch multiple cheer leaders into the air.
After their routine they celebrate with hugs all around.
A man lies tiles down on the ground.
A young woman is skating along a boardwalk and bridge.
Some men join her, and they do several stunts as they skate.
A girl knocks three people onto the ground.
A person on a motor bike is doing tricks off of a jump.
Three people are holding signs above their heads.
The person rides around the water on the board while doing jumps.
The person continues riding around the water and showing off scenery.
He spins out of control in the wind.
woman is practicing somersaults on a roofed gym and women behind her are watching her.
a woman is doing somer saults and big jumps alone.
A cat is having its nails cut.
The rear paws are also cut and the cat remains chill.
the man takes one hand and scraps the wall paper to the wall.
A man is wearing a business suit and crouching beside a car.
A woman is also shown in the same situation.
There's a young woman in a blue shirt talking about her hair and the hair salon she goes to.
She is standing in a park under tree talking about her hair.
She then shows off her new look with her bangs falling on her forehead.
People are sitting in bleachers of a gym.
She twirls a baton around while dancing.
A man is wearing a mask inside a workshop.
An instructor is shown talking to his class.
An individual's hand uses a brush on the horse's fur.
They are using paddles to navigate the rough waters.
A young man is playing with a black and white dog in a grass field using frisbees.
The dog performs tricks using the frisbee as the crowd watches.
A stream of water appears with rocks and medium but bold waves flashing throughout the water.
After several subtitles,a man appears kayaking just sitting in the middle of the current struggling to go forward.
He eventually gets it together and continues spinning around in circles in the water.
woman is doing somersaults holding baton.
woman is in a competition in the middle of stage doing a choreography with a baton.
a couple is doing a choreography with batons.
two teams play water polo.
They get their dogs to do numerous tricks using the frisbees.
A boat dock is shown with "Stuart Cove's Dive Shop" overlaid in graphics.
A shark is swimming in the water as a man in diving suit jumps in.
Various fish and sharks are shown swimming in a frenzy in the water as the diver feeds them.
When he removes his hand from his throat,he takes another puff of the hookah and blows it out again.
All of a sudden,he appears with a plastic cup with holes on both ends in his left hand.
Another pull is taken and he blows through the cup to create rings as he exhales.
A man is seen showing off other men's heads then speaking to the camera.
He uses a razor and cuts all along the man's hair and ends by styling it.
He catches up to it near a wooden slat floating in the water.
A man is standing up playing a saxophone.
The person with the camera falls and cannot stop themselves as they roll down the slope.
Two men are outside in a yard.
An older gentleman has been blindfolded.
Then we see them on a professional stage, dancing while dressed up.
They spin and twirl together across the stage.
A close up of a fire pit is shown with a person putting in various twigs and sticks.
man with long hair is playing congas.
This woman is standing over the garbage can as she peels the potato and the man recording says: She just peeled this potato in 3 seconds.
A Frenchman pole vaults in hot weather.
A large group of people are seen standing around an area speaking to one another.
A logo for the spike network pops up briefly.
A woman is seen mixing a couple of drinks and the title of the show pops up on screen for a few seconds.
She begins mixing a drink together in a glass and covers it with a metal cover.
After she is finished she separates the two containers and proceeds to mix another liquid into the metal container before pouring it back into a glass and adding fixings to it.
The camera then cuts to a gentleman reaching for a glass and a flash of the spike logo.
A man is walking along a beam in front of an audience.
He claps and the crowd claps with him.
The men take turns tossing the ping pong balls.
People are playing dodge ball in a room.
A man throws a ball and hits a woman in the face.
He walks up to her and she tries to hit him.
A man is standing in front of a table in a classroom.
A young man is shown on a parking lot skating.
tiny people are sitting in a van.
A little girl is performing on a stage.
She also does several dance moves.
An old lady in curler, tying her robe came out and an old man in robe follows and kiss her.
On their way inside, he kicks the old man  and the old lady waves her hand and go inside the house.
Two people stand in a boxing ring.
The girl swings several punches at the man.
A backyard is shown between a wooden fence.
A man is mowing the yard up and down.
He then mows the yard sideways.
Someone is walking along a snowy sidewalk.
They cross the street to the other side.
He then falls off and walks the tube back.
He is then shown with an assortment of beers as he talks.
A large group of people are seen celebrating and shows two teams huddled up together.
A close up of chairs are shown as well as a table and bench.
The person begins using a tool on the chair to scrape off the paint.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a trailer about a martial arts movie.
The trailer is then played showing several martial arts battles and other captions on the screen.
She continues mopping until the floor is clean.
One stands before a track and looks off into the distance.
He stands up and beings doing karate moves.
Another man walks in and they begin fighting.
The man recovers from the wave.
However,after a couple of serves,the lady in the front gets hit in the head with the ball and everybody stops to look at her.
He finally puts salt in the pot.
a little girl is swimming the length of a pool.
A man is seen bending down near lawn flamingos hitting a ball.
The men then begin arm wrestling one another while other watch.
the woman measure the wallpaper and cut it.
A small child is seen raking leaves with an older man next to her.
The camera pans around the girl who is looking at the camera.
A black screen appears with two instances of white text zooming in explaining what you are about to see.
The screen goes black and the credits in white letters appears.
The people move up and down the track while others throw obstacles in their way.
This video gives viewers tips on how to have effective mulching.
He also tells the benefits of doing so and he gives really great tips on how to landscape.
She begins strumming the guitar and singing.
She continues playing and looking to the camera.
Two people are seen moving around a small room.
He is playing a guitar in front of a drum set.
team players are in a large soccer field having an argument.
man is in the base ready to hit the ball and people is running, then the players are making a change of positions.
man is standing in front of a woman's foot.
people are in a boat and a woman is doing wakesurfing in the back.
two people are wakesurfing together in a lake.
empty boats are seen in water.
a girl walks with a paddle in her hand.
Several clips are shown of men getting a hair cut followed by a man speaking to the camera.
The man continues to cut and style his hair while showing it to the camera in the end.
He throws an object off into the distance and performs this several more times.
They use a fishing pole to catch fish through the hole in the water.
A "Top Dog Express Car Wash" logo appears on screen.
A man speaks to the camera in front of an oil change station.
Snowboarders and skiers fill the outdoor action shots.
More shots heavy on the nature and outdoors wonder and finally end.
A man shines another man's shoe.
The first man stops shining the shoe and the two men stare at each other.
A man is shown speaking to the camera holding up products.
He sprays them down on a table.
A group of chefs are gathered around a table.
He rubs a knife back and forth across a sharpening block.
Men run to the woods, and the man with the camouflage shoots to others.
Other men search on abandoned house while shooting.
Two men are playing a game of foosball.
They push and pull trying to win.
Several reactions from players and spectators are shown.
The woman is then shown sitting down with a male hairdresser behind her fussing with her hair, measuring it, washing it, and rinsing it.
They are chasing a ball back and forth.
They kick the ball, trying to get it into a goal.
A young man plays a set of red bongo drums.
He continues to play them.
A person walks in and joins him playing the drums behind him.
Three men and women are standing outside a large building.
They are each holding red fans that they open.
They make several dance moves in unison.
A woman in purple breaks away from the routine and rests.
The woman in purple goes back into the routine.
The woman in purple rests again.
A series of tug of war matches are shown with spectators in the background.
A girl with brown hair in all black with a gold star on her shirt is twirling batons.
He cheers gleefully after he does this.
The people on the turquoise raft start rowing.
The people on the turquoise raft stop rowing.
A woman is standing in front of a car.
A man wearing an orange tank top swings an ax and splits some firewood.
A man wearing a blue tank top swings an ax and splits some firewood.
A person is seen standing on a stage playing a violin.
A game of beer pong is being played outside at night, the camera is sideways.
The camera is righted as the game continues.
Several black and white photos are shown before we see a current group together.
A man and a woman are seen in a room hitting a ball with a badminton racket in their hand.
As the camera zooms out,you can see that they are playing a against another team of two more people.
next to the man other is playing on the bowling.
people are playing bowling in the court.
A gymnast walks up to a beam and holds her hands out.
There's a little girl in an orange sleeveless shirt playing with a makeup kit on her porch.
She puts several coats of lipstick on her lips making her lips look bright red and completely smeared with lipstick.
She is shown wearing a hat and then takes out the contacts.
A guy talks while standing on a snowy slope.
A guy snow boards down the slope.
A guy snow boards in place.
The credits of the video are shown.
A woman in bikini is swimming under the sea.
A reflection of a person on the water is shown riding a surfboard.
a boy stands in front of a garage.
the boy then takes  a cigarette, lights and smokes it.
Three people are snowboarding on snowy mountain.
Another set of snowboarders continue their fun and then talk in the cable car.
man is running in a blue race track doing big somersaults on a competition.
A woman takes off her jacket.
She then lands in a pit of sand.
A group of people are seen wandering around as well as a man speaking to the camera.
More people are seen running down a track while several watch on the side.
He starts running very fast, then jumps up and runs face first into the wall.
People are surfing on large waves in the water.
The person crashes and falls into the water.
A wave crashes over a person surfing.
A woman is holding a coffee mug in her hand.
She puts it down then we see her use the tool while wearing a mask and and safety goggles and we see her kneel near the nighstand.
We see the lady spray paint the newly sanded nightstand white and wipe it off with water.
The lady kneels on the ground talking next to the nightstand.
We see a green ending title screen.
The bulls are shown dying after they have given up the fight.
A man in a garage is surrounded by tools is explaining how to sharpen a knife the Russian way.
He shows the different types of sharpening stones and then pushes them aside.
He then asks for people to like the video and to subscribe and thanks everyone from watching.
After a few notes,he touches someone in the crowd,moves his hand and begins playing the correct way.
A man is sitting down smoking a cigarette.
He begins singing into a microphone.
woman si sitting on a chair in a small room trying to put her shoes and gets a backpain.
Another man speaks to the camera and interviews other people.
A man is wearing gloves while working with a woman.
She is being still as he clamps her nose.
He then inserts a piercing, making her eyes water.
He throws a ball into the pool.
Several people swim to grab it.
man is sitting in front of the camera talking and showing pople smoking and some pills on top of a table.
They march and dance in place as they go.
After each dip, he licks his paw clean.
A man cleans snow from a parked car.
The man pauses to put on gloves.
The man pauses to move the camera's angle.
People are walking and jumping a heighten hurdle with leg extensions.
Guys sit and take off extensions.
A person dressed in a costume with leg extension walks around.
a group of people are gathered in a gym.
They are engaged in fencing together.
They poke and jab at each other as they pretend to fight.
She lifts the barbell up to her chest.
She then lifts it over her head and laughs.
A man is seen speaking to a group of kids who also speak to the camera.
A man lays on a road holding an accordion.
A series of still images of food and drink are shown.
Sh adjusts the settings on the bike and climbs on top to begin riding.
She throws the baton in the air and starts moving around the floor with it.
A man and a woman are talking on a stage.
People are sitting on a boat in the water.
People are scuba diving under the water.
Then we see several pictures that were taken on his trip before going back to him climbing the cliff.
A short person that is leading the camels turns around.
the man points to several parts of his body.
A kid is crossing the monkey bars on a playground.
A man walks up to the side of a pool.
He dives into the water and floats to the surface.
The little boy then takes a green plastic bat,takes one hit at the pinata,and then walks away.
After he leaves,the man grabs the blindfold and begins unraveling it for the next kid to take a turn.
She begins dancing on the floor.
She does a cart wheel on the ground.
The two seated men arm wrestle against each other as the standing one adjudicates.
The seated individual on the left wins the contest.
The seated individual on the left stands and moves the table out of the way and then hugs the other individual.
White water rapids are going down a river.
The outside view of a house is seen surrounded by crime tape.
He then walks on the tape, keeping his balance.
A girl is on a lake holding on to a pole.
She is standing on a surfboard.
Eventually she lets go off the pole.
A man is standing in front of a fireplace and talking.
He continues to polish and repair the dress shoe.
People look around and watch the man skate.
A woman is standing on a roof top with a man.
The woman is flying a kite to the music.
A man and a baby are at a park and each are swinging on their own swings with words at the bottom right of the screen that read "Edwin's First Big Swing Five-and-a-half months May 18, 2012".
Now there's  close up of the baby swinging and he is very happy and has a smile on his face that looks like he's laughing as he goes back and forth.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about a track and field.
An athlete are shown performing long jumps on a track.
There is also a relay race shown on the video, as well.
The long jumper is shown in Paris where they also perform several long jumps.
A lady brings a bowl of popcorn.
There are several clips of people riding in the tube and paddling themselves along.
He gets down from the bars and jumps up and down.
A tattoo artist is wearing gloves and holding a needle.
several cars are shown at a car wash.
Women are shown doing aerobic dancing workout.
Then a woman is shown next to a punching bag smiling and the drawing is shown again.
The person rides through rough waves and looks off in the distance.
The man continues riding along in the boat.
thousands of people stand behind a starting line.
the massive amount of people start running through the streets.
a marathon then takes places.
He crosses the monkey bars one bar at a time while swinging.
The repair man then attaches the crank puller tool and spins the tool to remove the bike crank.
There are some people water tubing down a river.
One of the tubers comes on a blue tube wearing a yellow helmet and blue vest is followed by several tubers also on blue tubes.
A man is skiing on a snow covered mountain.
Close ups of Glenn playing with the orchestra.
The song ends and Bach is done being played.
There's a fitness expert dressed in a black shirt and a red hat demonstrating and talking about fitness training tips in a gym.
He is standing with several exercise balls behind him as he demonstrates how to use the jump rope.
He begins doing the jump rope  by jumping several times as he shows the correct technique of doing it.
After he stops, he continues talking and explaining the workout method.
The woman in blue shirt lifted the barbel and put it down.
The man in green shirt lifted the barbel and put it down and then try again.
each of the men are shown taking turns diving from their diving boards.
A man is sitting behind a game.
He is playing a drum in front of him with drum sticks.
A man is standing on a black stage.
He is using paints on a large black canvas.
A man jumps on parallel bars.
He dismounts and lands on the mat next to the bars with his hands raised.
He gives a people on the sidelines high fives.
People are holding tubes on dirt.
A dog is sitting in one of the tubes.
People are swimming under the water.
The female athlete is standing and then positioned.
The athlete ran and jumped over the pole The female athlete get off the mat and walked away.
He throws one last ball down and walks back to the lane.
A man talks to the camera and demonstrates how to clean paint brushes before applying paint with one to a painting he is standing in front of.
The man begins to clean a paint brush using water first and then cleaning the head with a paper towel.
The man then applies paint to the canvas he is standing in front of.
a car is being washed by a woman.
a car is being driven down a snowy street.
A young girl is seen climbing up on a playground and sliding down a slide.
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting behind a desk talking.
A boy in a karate outfit holds a trophy.
She throws a curling ball down the ice.
He dons his skiing equipment and helmet.
He then zooms down the hill on his snowboard, weaving and doing stunts.
The man with beard is shaving under his chin.
The man looked down then continue to shave.
The man show the razor to the camera.
The man gives a thumbs up.
woman walks in th sidewalk and get in a saloon.
He is playing a guitar beside a case.
A small crowd is listening as he plays.
the woman is taking out a wallpaper with a spatula.
One stands over the other and flips him into the ring.
A woman jumps onto a balance beam.
People are sitting in the stands.
People start dancing on the stage in front of the stands.
A white screen appears with a moving graphic of a butterfly that turns into multi colored text with a website address underneath.
The screen then shows text with blue, yellow, tree and grey test showing the TV channel name and the title of the video.
A woman in a kitchen behind a counter is explaining how to make a furniture polish using organic materials.
A white screen appears with text giving a website address followed by the contributors of the video.
Another person is painting their fingernails.
An old guy does karate moves on a gym floor.
A man holds another man with the second man bend over and head between the first man's legs.
The first man flips lifts the second man up.
A person is seen sitting on top of a horse and crying.
Another woman is shown laughing and the man helps the girl on a horse.
She continues speaking while holding up coffee cups.
This man is show solving the rubics cube while there's a timer to time how long it takes.
When he's done, he turns the cube in different ways to show viewers how all of the colors are grouped together.
A blonde lady is sitting on a chair that is spinning and her hair is braided to her left side.
The woman is still sitting on the chair, hair now unbraided, talking, and she briefly holds a product in her hand, puts it down then grabs her hair and starts to demonstrate how to braid while white words appear on the bottom that are describing the steps that she's taking as she slowly braids her hair.
When she gets to the end of the braid she holds her hair with one hand, grabs a rubber band, ties the rubber band at the end of the hair while white words at the bottom continue to appear describing each step.
The lady picks at the braid once it's secured in the rubber band and loosens and styles it with her fingers.
The outro appears with a white screen with black words that say MARC ANTHONY, a website and white words on a gray banner at the bottom that say FISHTAIL/FISHBONE BRAID while a small video screen on the right shows the lady spinning on the chair again to showcase her braid from different angles.
They hit the pucks with long sticks.
A screen with graphics of a flag, the statue of liberty, white letters and in the center a picture of an older woman in a running outfit.
A red screen appears for the show and a website address for social media platforms in white letters.
She is doing the dishes in the sink.
The athlete spins the heavy ball an throw it in the field.
Two men wearing white t-shirt measures where the ball landed, and the score is shown.
Two men are seen speaking to the camera with one kneeling down.
The man continues to move the ball while the other walks around him.
man is in a room sitting in a couch and holding blue and yellow threads.
A child climbs up onto the parallel bars during a competition.
The girl dismounts and faces the judges.
A woman in a purple sun dress, wearing pink sunglasses in her hair receives a tattoo in a tattoo parlor by a tattoo artist with tattoos and a baseball hat.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about grooming dogs and she talks about what she will be doing.
A group of girls are on a field in front of spectators.
a woman holding two Frisbee is standing over a dog.
the dog runs around in a circle around the woman.
The man moves his hands all along the drum set while the camera captures his movements.
A male athlete runs with a long pole.
A man is playing piano as people in the room watch him.
A woman walks over to the piano and begins to watch him as well.
When he is done, the people begin to clap.
Girls stand with their heads down.
The girls leave and walk towards the gym door.
It begins to climb a wooden ladder onto a bunk bed.
Two kids are sitting in the bunk bed.
A group of team members are on a field playing a game.
An ending title text on white background is shown.
One girl pushes the other to the ground and jumps over her a few times.
They make different poses being silly when they throw the ping pong ball, laughing a lot.
A man is seen looking into a mirror and shows a close up of dogs.
He uses a lasso to trap the calf.
He dismounts and ties up the calf.
A man begins to explain that he will demonstrate a fitness exercise that is used in CrossFit.
Another couple has joined in in front of a small crowd.
They continue spinning and twirling as they all dance.
A game takes her turn pushing the puck down the game.
A man walks into frame in the end.
A woman is swinging on a swing set.
A woman holding the camera smiles.
This person is playing a solo game of croquet outside in a grassy area.
There's lots of clouds in the sky and he pushes the purple ball through the ring first.
He is using a sprayer to wash a car with pressure.
He wipes it clean with a rag.
A man is lifting weights in a gym.
Several men are shown lifting barbells in a row.
Several clips are shown of people sitting next to another with men putting makeup on.
A young man talks while sitting next to a juvenile in the bleachers.
The young man brushes the shoe with foam while they talk.
More people attempt to walk the rope while others watch on the side.
He continues swinging and throws the object off in the distance and walks back to the camera.
man is sitting playing instruments in a room.
The man waits for the other man to get back.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera as well as clips of her warming up on the floor.
He is then seen engages in a game of beer pong with his friends.
They scrape a ceiling clean, then apply spackling.
The man lands on the other side of the bar onto a gym mat where he rolls and then gets up and walks.
two men are talking on top of a slide and go down riding bikes.
men get to the finish and keep talking to the camera interviewing other men.
The woman stops the horse to speak to the girl and continues riding around and stopping again.
A man lifts a large weight over his head and drops it on the ground several times.
Three men get medals and stand on a podium.
The person moves all around the water while others watch on the side.
The person continues to ride around back and fourth in circles.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a demonstration of a mop.
The mop is shown being used in a figure eight motion to clean the floor.
They continue playing on the brand new set.
He continues to play and walks out of frame.
The man finishes and hands the guitar to his friend.
The man turns the camera towards the monitor.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while two men stand behind him.
The two men then hit the birdie back and fourth while the man still speaks.
the cat is faling sleep while the woman is cutting his nails.
Three women kneel down and begin changing the tires.
A man fiddles with something in his hands.
Once the girl leaves,she comes back with washed hair and starts talking about another product of oil that she has in her hand.
After,she appears in front of the mirror with more products,once she has shaken the bottle,she then squirts it in her head before combing it through.
The women continue speaking while others still run around.
We then see the lady slice her tomato with ease.
A boy practices on the uneven bars.
He sits on top of the bars and then continues.
An athlete runs with a long pole down a track.
A large rock is shown and two people are rock climbing up a real rock outside in the terrain.
The camera zooms in on the guys and they are midway up the rock as the people stay on the ground and continue to watch them.
After,the angle shifts,shows the whole rock and the title of the song that they were playing.
The woman is dressed in a gray shirt and jeans and the man is wearing a white tank top and jeans.
They are doing a Salsa kind of dance as they hold hands and twirl their bodies around.
The man holds the woman's hand as she twirls around while he stands still.
Another man comes there and puts something in the brick fireplace while the couple continues to dance.
Then the man leaves but the couple still continues to dance as they hold their hands and twirl their bodies while shaking their hips.
The two continue performing tricks back and fourth.
A person is shown in several clips bouncing around on stilts.
A man hosts a news segment and shows more people bouncing around past others.
A man speaks to the camera while more people jump on stilts and the host speaks.
His throw is shown again followed by several more people throwing a shot put.
A man is talking inside a kitchen.
She shows how to wash your face with the wash.
Shortly after,the person begins to move in the field looking for targets to fire his paint balls at.
He is playing a long wooden flute.
Then after he continues bowling, the pins knock down the remaining pins down.
Another man walks into frame and begins washing clothes in a  bucket.
One team pulls against the other.
He squeezes juice and mixes up the blender.
a man behind her is arranging other wall paper rolls.
wall paper is then installed on a different wall.
The champion himself explains how to win every game just by having mind control and looking at the opponent's hand to see what they put up.
A dog is chasing the Frisbee on the field.
The man scrapes the steam off of the window.
A counter in the corner of the screen is keeping a count of the amount of water being used as the dishes are being washed.
A man is skating in a skate park.
He then does several other tricks.
A man is washing dishes while the girls are playing.
in a workshop man is welding beams.
some beams in the wotkshop are shown.
A couple of women are standing in front of a carnival shop.
They are throwing dart at balloons, trying to pop them.
He then demonstrates how to use the gel by smoothing it into his hair.
They pass a person in a vest at the bottom.
man is sitting in a kayak in the lakeside in front of the man talking.
the man sits on the kayak behind the man and start rowing in the lake .
A group of ice hockey players are gathered on the ice.
They hit the puck back and forth and spin on the ice.
A kid is standing up playing the bag pipes.
A group of men are playing on a field.
A woman in a black shirt is talking.
A woman's hair is seen followed by another woman styling her hair.
People are walking behind him.
A woman is sitting down at a table talking.
She finishes wrapping the present and puts a red bow on top.
A person is sitting down knitting something.
She continues knitting with her hands.
The white team is playing defense while the blue team has the ball and is playing offense.
The blue team takes a shot at the goal and is blocked by the goalie.
The goalie places the ball on the ground for his team to now go to offense and attack the blue team goalie.
He is leaning back and holding the camera on a rod.
He continues cutting through the water as he goes.
anoter team of younger kids are marching in the middle of the people.
other teams of kids gets in the parade and are jumping.
He appears at another location cleaning a large commercial window.
the man talks to the camera.
the man then plays the drums with his hands.
As he talks,a variety of people from different ages and genders are moving around and hitting each other.
The action keeps going,and the man talks about the events and extends his arm about the cars.
They intentionally bump into each other.
He sits up there for a few before finally letting himself go down the slide.
He is sitting on a skate board and he is holding it so he doesn't move but once he lets go he builds up a lot of speed.
Once he does he goes down fast and hurts his butt a little when he lands.
She dips the mop into a bucket and rubs it along the floor.
She continues cleaning and smiles to the camera.
the man takes a glass and fills the glass with various liquors.
the man then pours the contents into a martini glass.
man is hammering a fence on a side of the workshop.
man kneeling in the floor is welding a metal fence.
A baby is sitting in a swing.
A man is standing behind the baby in the swing.
He continues to hold on and travel across the water doing flips and turns but eventually falls.
Next he appears on a seat with a pole attached to it as if he is sitting in the water doing tricks.
The girl jumps up and begins flipping around on the bars.
She lift the contact lenses case and continue talking.
She shows her index finger and put her contact lense in her right eye while continuously talking.
A man is standing inside a gym.
A yellow plane is flying in the sky.
A woman stands at a counter.
She holds up a knife to cut them.
A red truck parks on front a house, a ladder is on the rood of the truck.
a girl is standing in the middle of a basketball court.
the girl holds a baton and does a standing split.
the girl then performs a dance routine.
They pour it into a plastic pitcher.
They start to drink the drink.
A man is seen standing before a track and running into a pit.
His run is shown again and the audience cheers for him.
He finally sings along and smiles to the audience.
There is an intro that states "Carolyn Goes to Winter Park: 1st Snowboard Trip January 2013".
Then she is in a sled going down a hill and more still shots of her are shown, some with a woman.
people are in riding horses around a barn.
woman is standing talking to the people that are riding the horses.
The camera pans back again to show the cleared path and continues leaf blowing on a never ending path.
The man on stage is dancing, then he step on small step.
People gamble in a casino on front a man wearing white shirt.
Several people hold swords and are fencing.
They talk and practice positions.
A number of scenes of various women diving into pools from various angles and in various locations are shown, usually with an audience in the background.
Several scenes of the costumed individuals diving into a pool are shown.
He runs down the track and throws a javelin onto the field in front of him.
the guide is helping the woman swim through the water.
She is exploring the bottom of the sea, looking at plants and fish.
While a song plays there are still pictures with children practicing as well as video of the instructor and a girl practicing kicks.
Then a black screen appears.
A gymnast is practicing on the parallel bars in the gym.
He practices with pads draped over the bars.
It is shown from several angles with silhouettes.
They pose for pictures before jumping onto a table.
They then sit on the track for pictures again.
Two men meet in a booth and sit down.
They begin a game of arm wrestling.
A man in a red shirt is talking in front of a screen.
Then a field is shown and various shots of different people.
There is a polo match with horses.
Then some men are on stage and receive a trophy and a man talks behind a podium.
At the end the scene cuts back to the man in the red shirt.
A man is seen pushing a lawn mower around the yard.
A small child follows behind the man with a toy lawn mower.
A green title page appears,with words showing that the video will be of a tenor saxophone player as well as the website to receive to lessons.
women team are on a alrge green field playing hurling.
dog is running in a field and sits on the court, the dog lay down on the court and a woman grab it from the floor and gives him to a man to take him out the field.
one person pushes a disc toward the other person.
" A man sits in an orange painted bathroom with arm on a bathroom vanity and speaks to the camera.
A pumpkin is spinning around on a table and then stops.
Then a knife cuts off the top of the pumpkin seemingly on its own with no person holding it.
A female gymnast mounts a beam in a gym.
She does several flips and springs across the beam.
People are sitting on kayaks on the land.
A woman is eating a sandwich sitting on the front of the canoe.
A man is walking into the waves of the water.
A women is outside wearing a jersey.
She throws a ball across a lawn.
They measure the distance to the ball.
Several other athletes are sitting around.
Man starts scraping grout around on the floor.
Man scraps off the excess grout.
a barber cuts the man hair with clippers.
A kite boarder jumps in the water.
A person sitting down at a wooden table grabs a black piece of square cloth and begins placing objects on it.
After,a brown suede shoe appears and the man begins cleaning it with a small white brick.
Next,he grabs a smaller wooden brush,dips it into some liquid in a cap and cleans the boot.
Lastly,the boot is then brushed and the laces are added in for a complete finish.
there are many different girl teams being shown in many different games and fields.
A woman introduces a video about a workout routine that she will perform.
A boy is crossing the monkey bars.
He lands on the black playground and walks up the stairs.
the man grabs a brush and paints the pumkin with black and red paint.
man wearing a black suit is in sea doing windsurf.
She speaks to the camera and moves her arms up and down.
men are in a line in a bycicle in a competition.
a parking lot with a lot of cars parked are on side of the path on a road.
A man is seen standing by the water as well as one grabbing items out of a car and food being cooked.
Then, the mans stop playing the tam-tams.
He throws it onto the field in front of him.
He shows a lighter, and lights a cigarette.
He then sits and smokes it quietly.
men are in stage doing a coreographyjumping the rope.
men are jumping in stage and stumbles on the ropes.
the men keeps jumping the rope going faster and standing in stage.
a woman is walking while carrying hula hoops.
she stretches before her performance outdoors.
She then demonstrates how to perform using the hula hoops.
A woman is dancing behind a blackjack table.
Two people are scrubbing the ice in front of the curling ball.
They pose for a picture at the end.
A group does a step exercise class.
The main woman stops at the end and walks towards the camera.
A man is kneeling on the ground beside a railing.
He lays down several plastic sheets.
He then rolls over the sheets, sealing them.
The hairdresser than straightens the customers hair, section by section, until the final hair style is revealed.
Scenes of groups of people engaging in various forms of sport and exercise are shown.
Scenes of a group of people engaging in sort sort of table game is shown.
More scenes of people engaging in sport and exercise are shown.
A person is seen holding a cat and a pair of clippers.
The person begins cutting the cat's claws while the cat squirms around.
Then she adds some sugar, flour and red food coloring to the mixture.
slices of mangos and lemons are shown.
A man in a black shirt is juggling red frisbees.
A small white and black dog is running around the man catching the frisbees being thrown by the man.
The man lays on his back and the dog jumps over him.
She twirls a baton repetitively over her shoulder to the other hand.
Then she does several dance moves with the baton.
A man is laying down on a wrestling ring.
The man flips the other man over and he lands on his back.
The ref taps on the mat when he gets pinned.
The teams compete shooting while covered behind inflated protectors.
Men run to cover behind the protectors while shooting.
A group of men jumps and celebrates, then people continue shooting.
They try to get the ball into the goal.
They engage in a game of volleyball.
They hit a ball back and forth over a net.
The group continues marching and playing instruments.
A small child is seen kneeling on the ground with a man sitting in front of him.
The boy begins shining down the shoes of the man.
The boy continues cleaning off the shoes.
He knocks over the pins on the lane.
The dog does tricks to catch the frisbee.
Woman scrubs dirty clothes using a brush.
The woman dips the clothes in clean water.
Woman squeezes all the extra water out of the clothing.
A woman wearing a hajib stands outside in snowy weather next to a car.
A man walks up, salutes the camera and finishes the other side of the window as the woman says goodbye to the viewers.
They sneak around to shoot at each other.
The woman stops painting and talks, then she continues painting.
a man stands in front of a shrub and talks to the camera.
A group of children at an outdoor Halloween party wait in line with trick or treat bags to play outdoor children's bowling game.
the man stretches his arms and legs.
A game is shown in progress on a field.
This video teaches viewers how to do a 90s handspin.
He recommends that you do this on a nice hardwood floor so you don't hurt yourself on something soft.
The boy then throws the shotput.
Two teams play doubles badminton in a gymnasium.
A man runs down a diving board.
He bounces on the board a couple of times.
A close up of a house is shown with a girl walking into frame.
The girl continues running around with the ball as well as in and out of frame.
Two young girls appear in the bathroom,one has a green headband around her forehead and the other has paint across her face.
One is mopping as she dances.
The other climbs a ladder.
The girl dances backwards cleaning the floor.
an is sitting in the woods holding a rock and a knife and is peeling the rock in a white paper.
the man turn on fie and put it on a bowl.
other men are standing behind the man sitting.
She continues playing as people walk by.
the man is then seen pulling the camel through a parking lot.
Then the ball comes back to him somehow and he bounces it and hits it again with the racket sending it into orbit in the room.
A young man is in a small gym.
He completes the lift and drops them on the floor where the bounce.
people are in a cabin playing beer pong.
the girl repeats the game by hoping back and forth.
A kid stands behind him holding a stick.
First, the man introduces himself and then he tells viewers what he is going to show them throughout the video.
In the end, he says his name again and thanks viewers for watching his video.
A group of dancers perform in a show wearing white costumes.
The dancers lie dawn on the back and extend the hands and the feet, then they applaud with the feet.
The dancer stand and continue dancing.
Then, a person enters the stage and dance, after other dancers join the person.
A special effect screen appears and it's mainly orange and brown with white thin lines, logos, words and numbers.
Men are now sitting in a black and yellow speedboat that is going very first, and a man is shown wake boarding, flipping and spinning in the air.
A man is now standing in front of the speedboat, talking, and the words on the screen say his name is Trevor Hansen and under his name there are words that say Team Supra Rider, and various clips of the speedboat both out and in it are shown while the man talks and sometimes shows what the interior can do.
The woman adds and mixes in oil and spices while talking to the camera.
A man starts a chainsaw on the ground.
A man is seen pulling a pair of drums closer.
He then begins playing on the drums.
The man continues to play while looking off into the distance.
She sits back down and the other woman then pierces her tongue.
She puts the ring in and the girl shows it off the camera.
A person is tubing down a hill.
There is a two little kids in front of them on small tubes.
She is grooming the horse.
Then it shows the mechanism how the blow dryer works.
The woman turning and smiling and looking satisfied with her hair.
The girl rubs her nose with her right hand and continues to jump and dance.
As they run,people are on the side of the road encouraging them with water on their tables,signs and clapping for them.
A person is seen sitting on the couch.
a crowd is gathered around a shuffle board.
four people are standing playing shuffleboard.
three people are sitting watching the shuffleboard game.
The little boy continues swinging the stick relentlessly at the pinata hoping to get some candy.
A small child walks a dog in various locations.
The small child and dog interact with several other dogs.
The small child releases the dog and walks alone.
A surfer is riding the waves in the ocean.
People are riding bumper cars at a carnival.
A man in a black cap waves at the camera.
A man and a boy in a red shirt car crash head on with another car.
He then continues the rest of the video in the same manner,with the bass drum following before finally playing the entire trap set.
Two men are looking something while the other one is holding some stick and an shallow underwater scene with rocks on it appears.
Bunch of people are getting ready for kayaking, then another man holding a selfie stick to record a video of himself and then his friend while they are in kayak.
Two little boys dressed in diapers,are pushed onto the stage with two male Sumo wrestlers and begin pushing him around.
A man runs with a ball and throws it to a person holding a stick to hits the ball.
The man takes the ball and throw to another player.
A man is in a lake of water.
A large group of cheerleaders are seen performing a stunt and dropping a person.
Several more clips are shown of people falling onto the ground.
The video continues with more clips of people falling down.
A man speaks to the camera while showing more clips of people walking on a rope.
Many people speak to the camera as the people continue to walk and perform tricks on the rope.
A man windsurfs on a lake with other windsurfers occasionally entering the frame.
The man performs a trick near another windsurfer.
The man walks away from the track.
Another man fouls in his long jump attempt.
The first man is shown alternatively bending over and walking around.
The first man jogs and claps.
The two men hug each other.
The first man walks down the track celebrating, with brief audience shots.
The first man receives a flag and hugs two other people.
The first man unfolds the flag and holds it up.
A very large crowd is waiting for them outside.
Then you change the tire and tighten the lugnuts.
Several matadors use capes and try to ward off the bull.
a woman is shown applying sunscreen to several hands.
Kids are shown rubbing the lotion into their arms and legs.
The other misses and the first man grabs a ball.
A weight lifter walks up to a bar bell.
He then lifts it over his head and drops it.
A man is sitting in a bumper car with two children.
They begin to drive the car.
He sits back down and continues driving the bumper car.
bearded man is standing in a roofed gym in fronr of machines talking to the camera.
man is kneeling in front of him getting ready to lift weight.
the coach kneels in front of the man and is showing him how to put the leg to stand and lift the weight.
He is showing the different tools needed for mulching.
He then shows the process, mulching a tree.
She then dismounts and raises her arms.
She is then shown standing next to a ballerina.
The woman then explains some more.
The woman talks to the horse or to the two girls.
The man swings and throws the discus.
Several more athletes step up to throw the discuss into the air.
A couple of people are canoing in a river.
The moves are explained as they go.
She continues to iron it afterward.
Several surfers ride the waves at a beach.
A man is shown weaving through the water on a board.
A man is sitting on an elliptical machine against a wall.
We see an opening screen and a screen with images of a man bowling.
We then see the man bowl a strike and speak to the camera.
Instructions are on the screen and a lady speaks then the bowler speaks and bowls.
We see shots of the alley then the man bowls and speaks and the lady speaks again.
The man holds a shoes and discuses his shoes and slip guards before bowling again.
The man shows trophies as instructions appear on the screen.
The people throw balls back and fourth to one another while roaming around.
A woman is providing a demonstration on mop cleaning.
The woman the starts mopping the floor, using vigorous effort.
The floor begins to show that the chemical works as described.
The wave rises higher and higher.
The wave eventually closes the surfer in.
A man is standing outside dressed inappropriately for the cold.
He crouches in front of a pile of kindling.
They pull off a red rag from the bottom of the mop.
They put the red rag into a washing machine.
People are standing in a swimming pool.
We see an opening title screen.
The man stands and talks while holding a tool and a red brick of wax.
The man exchanges skis and waxes the second one with the tool.
The man then scrapes the wax off the ski and uses a different tools and paper towel on the ski.
The man talks and we see the ending screen.
A person is seen riding a surf board along the water with a sail.
Boys are standing in a gym with jump ropes.
A boy bends over to pick up a part of his jump rope.
A boy bends over after rope jumping .
men tagteamed a woman and start figting on the court.
A man is sitting on a green riding lawn mower.
He continues to mow the lawn.
One man presents the other man, a musician, with an award.
A man is running with a stick preparing to perform a javelin throw.
The people are wearing inline skates.
a bull runs through a crowd.
people try to pull the bull by the tail.
the bull lifts the man off the ground and throws the man.
He stops for a minute to clean the blade and sharpen it.
the food is then plated.
Grab another cup and uses it to mix drink.
She then hits the ball to the man.
Another man is followed shortly afterwards doing the same.
Pictures are then shown of the men shot putting and leads into more video.
She starts braiding her hair behind her head.
The two kids walked to the swing and sat.
He shows us a juicer and a lemon.
He grinds the lemon into the juicer, producing juice.
A number of men dive into a pool in front of audiences, occasionally punctuated with audience reaction shots.
A diver is hugged by other individuals.
A man comes up next to him and starts playing the piano with him.
Young gymnasts are at a gym practicing on balancing beams.
She hops again and poses.
the man starts carving a pumpkin.
We see a man kitesurfing .
The surfer falls into the water and recovers.
A surfer goes through the waves of an ocean, riding a wave.
The wave crashes over the surfers, knocking them off their boards.
a man stands in an indoor arena.
a few people walk pass the man.
A group of people are seen riding around on horses swinging sticks.
They are shown in many clips riding around and swinging a club.
A group of fencing students in a gym are practicing.
There are two fencing opponents in the center of the screen.
We are concentrated on these two for the duration.
The match is interrupted only by an interview with the fencing students.
The people are wearing oxygen thanks while in the pool.
The woman dismounts from the bars.
A man is dressed like santa claus and wearing scuba gear.
A person is seen standing on a board with others in the water.
Men are riding and sailing on the boat.
A man puts goggles and skis on.
A man is talking in front of a screen.
the man zig zags away from the camera.
A scuba diver is moving slowly under water.
The instructor is seen talking to the camera.
A man is standing outside a building.
He goes around the hedge, clipping and trimming it.
Several more people are shown riding on skateboards attempting tricks and occasionally falling.
Some successful tricks are shown as they move all around several different areas.
A woman is standing on a ladder putting decorations on a Christmas tree.
A crowd watches as he flips and turns in the air.
The camera pans up to show an overcast sky.
They take of running together toward the ultimate finish line.
She pauses to talk about what she is doing.
She places cream on the food and spreads it around, followed by measuring and cutting.
An introductory title screen with the video description is shown.
The individual ads some other ingredients to the pan and mixes the contents together.
The individual places the pan on a wooden platform.
The individual spoons out a bowl of the pan's contents.
the man jumps into the snow and are skiing down a snowy slope.
people are snowboarding down a snowy mountain hill.
A woman and a dog are in a room playing with an orange frisbee.
An orange and white cat comes into the room on the right on top of the couch.
A swimmer lifts his arms before and prepares for a dive on the platform.
She microwaves a bowl and pours flour on the counter, followed by mixing the bowl into the flour.
The man uses a leaf blower to clear a patch of land of some leaves.
A small group of people are seen carving pumpkins with one man screwing his.
Two men are seen kneeling outside with one pouring liquid into pumpkins.
Several more men take their turns as the camera captures their movements.
There is a lot of people around watching as the man rides the horse to go lasso the small bull to the ground.
Then someone else rides in on their horse and other people run in as well.
People are then shown playing on the table.
home cookies are shown in a tray and a woman is putting the cookies on it.
woman grabs the tray and put them on the oven.
when cookies are ready the woman holds the tray and take them out the oven and serve them in a blue plate.
The woman put the cloth on wrapper, put adhesive tape on the edge and began wrapping the present.
He continues to spin around and move his arms in a circular motion.
The band play their drums and chant as the instructor squats in front and plays along to the music.
man is wearing stilts and its ready to cross the street.
A man in a suit is talking into a microphone.
people are in yellow kayaks wearing life jackets.
people in rapids ara kayaking sitting on boats.
A guy is making a campfire with a blowtorch.
People are standing around the campfire.
A teen spins his skateboard in the air with his feet on the street.
Then, the teen spins in the air the skateboard.
They then do a cheer routine.
They throw each other up into the air.
He is using the ax on a very large log of wood, trying to split it.
A woman is talking in a bathroom.
Several children come down various slides.
A man walks into frame and sits before a set of drums.
He begins playing the drums with his hands continuously.
A blue title page appears along with words stating that the video will be about how to apply contact lens.
A lady wearing a white robe then appears walking in the bathroom towards a mirror and washes her hand first.
When the lens is properly positioned,she grabs her eyelid and places the lens on her pupil and then blinks it into place.
The small boy plays a piano and sings and the judge and host and the crowd clap.
The boy finishes dramatically and a person in the crowd stands and claps while walking in the aisle.
A man with pink scarf sitting looks frustrated and make a sign of the cross.
They are having fun in the park.
They do a huddle and turn in a circle.
A man stops and ties his shoe.
A man plays a bagpipe in front of burning trucks as people thrown rocks.
Police set up a blockade as rioters throw stones and fire.
Mike Tyson is on a show blindfolded as he throws darts.
The host of the show gives him darts as she stands beside him.
He throws three darts and the last two get a bulls eye as the host and audience gasp in excitement at what happened.
The host walks up to the dart board to see the darts.
They kick the ball across the field, trying to get it into a goal.
He is welding a piece of metal with a machine.
Several people are being strapped in and readied for jumping, a man on the right takes pictures.
Several people are playing an indoor game of volley ball in a gym.
The teams switch sides as the game continues to be played.
She balances on the rope, trying to walk across it.
She jumps off, and a man takes her place on the rope behind her.
The bartender demonstrates how to prepare the drink.
A man is crouched down on a floor.
He then lays the carpet and attaches it with molding.
A woman's indoor aerobic class is in process.
A couple of people are standing at the foot of a table.
A person is sweeping the roof behind them.
The camera pans around cars and people.
two girls are sitting on a beach.
each girl takes turns filling a pal with sand.
A girl is holding a flute and talking.
A man is standing on a field.
He holds a disc and spins around several times.
One of them counts down something.
a river is flowing on a summer day.
a man in a boat paddles down stream.
A man is talking inside a garage.
He shows all the different tools he needs to work on the bike.
Freshman girls  and Sophomore girls battle each other in an outdoor game of tug o war there is white text at the bottom of the screen.
A man yells ready and the teams pull on the rope as a crowd of people cheer them on.
The girls in the black team lose.
Next is the Freshmen vs the Sophomore boys and white text at the bottom of the screen.
The call goes out and the match starts as the teams pull on the rope.
Someone yells go and the teams pull on the rope as the team in the white wins the match and they run towards the middle of the field and are met with others in white shirts and they celebrate the win.
A person puts a ball onto the Foosball table.
The video finishes with them on a jump.
They continue as they are being pulled by motor boats.
He is trimming the top of the hedges.
A group of kids are swimming in a pool.
They are shown tossing a ball back and forth in the water.
They get the ball into the net as they swim.
A man is seen speaking to another holding a violin.
The man speaking them walks out of frame.
The siding outside a house is shown.
A man shows how to dip and apply stain to the siding.
He then shows how to properly seal the buckets between uses.
the man lay on the bed and start doing crunches.
man is showing to the camera how to make crunches on a bed.
The lady stops using the clipper.
She pushes the mop all along the floor.
They start their routine, the cheerleaders fall twice but they continue dancing and cheering.
An ice hockey player falters and almost falls.
Then he does slip and fall.
A young lady is in her kitchen with a pink Santa Claus on her head while holding up a bowl of cookies.
On the cookie sheet,there are several raw shape bell shaped cookie dough items on the tray and the lady begins sprinkling green sparkles on top.
After,the lady then adds red sprinkles onto the other cookies.
They are shown in several different venues.
a weight lifter is standing on a stage.
He lifts a barbell up to his head before dropping it.
A person trowels wet concrete on the ground.
A water mixture is poured on the concrete, it is scored and tiles are pounded on top.
The couple dance all around the stage performing lifts and tricks and end by holding a pose.
A man sprints down a track and jumps into a pile of sand.
Flags are seen flying on flag poles.
People are lined up ready to start a race.
A man is facing a window.
Man applies a blow torch to a slap of material.
people are sitting on chairs behind he girls rpacticing fencing.
girl is in a hallway talking to the camera and the people playing fencingin the gym is shown again.
He is playing the piano as people are walking by.
A woman is seen kneeling in the grass and playing with a dog.
man is showing how to wax skis with a machine.
with a small spatula take out the wax and with a nylon brush cleans the surface.
She continues brushing all around the horse including it's feet and tail.
A wall is shown with the camera tilted sideways.
The man applies plaster to the wall.
A man is holding a brush and talking.
Then a black haired girl and a blonde haired girl are seen singing and dancing a rhyme about rock paper scissors.
The girl with the black hair has a wind up on her back and her hand keeps flying off at times, then we see a pink hippo.
The person whips a paint mistake with fingers.
The person uses a black marker to color in the eye.
The final product, a colored cake shaped fish is laying on a white paper.
after chopping the wood the man trying to chop the wood on the floor.
A large group of people are seen playing a soccer match in an indoor field.
The people kick the ball up and down the court in front of a large audience.
She begins to play the guitar for the camera.
They are using an orange oar to row themselves.
They hit a rock on the side of the river.
A boy is standing inside a kitchen.
He shows how to push the button to release the steam.
A woman is standing in a kitchen talking.
She starts washing dishes in the sink.
She continues talking to the camera.
A person is washing a green rag in the sink.
They then wipe the window with a green towel.
The people are lying on the ground with red paint on their back.
The protesters are standing on the side holding signs and banners.
A woman is talking about how to create lemonade from the ingredients.
She squeezes juice from the lemons and adds sugar and water.
She is using the rollers on the bottom of a machine.
She sticks her boots in the machine and they get polished.
A man is seen painting a wall back and fourth.
The person spins around the mop and the dog also spins.
After, the woman continues mopping and the dog chasing the mop.
Once the lady finish talking,she cuts the tomatoes and puts the content on the pieces of bread to make a sandwich.
When the sandwich is complete,she takes a bite out of it and begins talking again and moving the knifes to the sink.
It is then rinsed off in the sink.
Several other dishes are then washed as well.
The person holds up the bottles and begins painting her nails.
The men bang into one another, one falls, and they continue to wrestle and knock each other onto the ground multiple times, taking turns kicking each other, and people not in sumo outfits join in and jump on the sumo's backs as well.
A black screen appears with large white letters that read "Sumo Suit Finals", a man with a microphone is talking, a referee is walking around the area, and the man is introducing the sumo wrestlers and the referee.
When the introductions are done the wrestlers the referee come together in the middle of the court and a match between the wrestlers begin as the referee watches on.
Everyone walks out of the gym and leave the red sumo guy on the ground then an outro appears with a Subscribe button on it, and two smaller screen withs other clickable videos.
A large group of girls are seen standing around and speaking to one another.
The girls continue to play with one another as the camera pans around and watches their movements.
A group of people take part in a jump roping competition.
They switch jumpers a few times.
The boy starts unfolding a shirt and then taking the toy iron and start to pretend that he is ironing the shirt.
Once again he puts the iron down but then throws the shorts over the folded shirt.
He then waves the iron over his head briefly before putting it down and approaching the baby.
She pushes the vacuum over and over until it is gone.
There are some people going sailing a motor boat with wakeboarders in the river.
A pickup truck towing a motor boat behind it arrives with two men.
The wakeboarder does stunts on the board as he flips over the and lands back on the river.
He does several flips on the board as the motorboat sails forward.
The wakeboarder does front and back flips in the air and sometimes lands in water but gets right back on the board.
He does various stunts on the board, fallls into the water but springs right back up on the board.
A man uses a scraper to wipe the snow off his car.
A gymnast wearing a blue leotard mounts a balance beam in a competition.
The gymnast prepares for her dismount by starting with backward somersaults that take her into a backward dismount and she lands perfectly and gets congratulated by her coach and team.
A woman and man still speak to the camera and end by shaking the boys hand.
A young woman is seen walking forward on a board.
She dives off the side and rises to the surface swimming to the end of the pool.
the man then takes a dryer and blows the piece of wood.
The woman stops knitting then holds the piece out to readjust the yarn and the needles then resumes knitting.
The woman looks at the camera then holds her piece up to look at it.
A woman is seen holding a rose in various poses.
The images continue in artistic ways.
A woman is holding a black ball.
Several people sled down a snowy embankment.
The people are going down a manmade path.
A surfer rides the giant wave in several different clips.
A group of people gather to watch and the size of the wave is illustrated.
A woman and a man enters a dance floor.
Then, the woman and the man dance tango on front people in a restaurant.
A young man looks the couple and smiles.
A cowboy is released from a gate on a horse.
He lassos a calf with his rope.
He jumps down and ties up the calf.
The man continue to paddle until he reached the finished line and the woman stopped the timer.
A woman in black shorts and a blue shirt is seen using an elliptical trainer and the brand and model are shown.
Different people are shown using the elliptical and the various features are shown and demonstrated.
Finally the brand and model are shown again with the same girl from the beginning.
A person is sitting down holding blue shoes.
They hold a bottle wet wipes.
They take one and start wiping the bottom of the shoe.
Two little girls are sliding down a long metal slide with red sides on them at a playground.
Once the little girl recoups,they both run off of the slide and onto another piece at the park.
A group of girls are seen performing ballet moves together.
A woman walks in and out of frame watching the girls as they continue to dance.
The girls move up and down and stop by speaking to one another.
He is being timed as he solves the puzzle.
Three children are stuck together at the bottom of a slide.
One of the boys manages to get off the slide.
a baby is seated in a car seat in a car.
He talks or sings while he continues to cry.
little baby is sleeping and swinging in a little chair.
a man a woman and a kid are taking out the thread from the tree.
and sart putting the christmas lights around the tree.
a small tree is shown on top of a table and a kid taks out a red carpet and put in the tree's foot and decorate it with red balls and lights.
A man bungee jumps off the side of a bridge.
They finish dancing and stare at each other.
a woman starts talking to the camera.
the woman then points to a jar full of powder.
A man plays a song on the saxophone.
The man stops playing then discusses and explains the technique used.
A woman is sitting down talking.
She picks up paint brushes and begins painting on a canvas.
The intro states "Progression: Lisa's First Season Snowboarding".
A man walks into frame and blows around the leaves.
More men are seen pushing leaves all around the yard into a pile.
A woman is performing on a stage in front of judges.
A man is standing outside talking into a camera.
The camera wearer then goes down the falls.
The men take cards then pass during the game.
The dealer plays their hand and the outcome is determined.
The dealer gives chips to the winning players.
A man in a red shirt walks up next to him.
While turning around the man falls down.
Again, the man runs long jump, then the athlete performs long jump.
A third person performs long jump.
A male swimmer appears at the end of a diving board.
A person is riding a wave behind a jetski.
A man is smoking out of a hookah hose.
He blows the smoke into the face of a dog.
The dog bites at the smoke in front of him.
The people go back and fourth and his each other with swords.
People are walking on a slack line.
People are walking on the sidewalk in front of the slack line.
The man then starts to spin himself very quickly while still swinging the ball on the rope.
However,throughout the entire process the guy never stops talking and giving tips and technique about the proper way to use the machine.
A score is shown while people walk around an area.
A woman walks in the sidewalk holding a box with a white sign to polish shoes.
Then, the woman climbs the steps of a house, and a person gives her a bundle with shoes.
After, the woman sits on the steps and polish the shoes.
a woman is standing inside a bathroom.
She is holding a little boy, who is laughing.
She gargles water and spits it out.
A small boy is seen punching and kicking a man on his knees wearing gloves.
The boys continue practicing while others practice behind them.
She puts her hair up in pink rollers.
She then takes them down and styles her hair.
A drawing is shown as well as a woman standing and a man begins tattooing her arm.
She lets go and tosses it as she lets out a loud scream.
the cars are then started.
the kids then begin to ram into each others bumper cars.
A man is talking to a woman inside the car.
the wallpaper is perfectly stuck on the wall in an office.
A seated man wearing headphones plays a guitar.
The man stops playing and leans forward.
He jumps off the side of the rail and back down again.
a woman is seen tubing downhill.
A black poodle is walking down a concrete sidewalk on a red leash.
As the dog continues walking down the sidewalk,he stops at every set of bricks and begin to smell around them.
Afterward he stares at himself in the mirror.
The intro is orange and has the words Orlando Crosstrainer.
A woman drinks from a mug while another uses the machine.
At the end we see the orange logo again.
A woman walks into frame and pours herself a glass of wine.
A man is seen speaking to a woman while showing her how to sharpen a knife.
The woman then uses the tool to sharpen the knife with the man's help.
A video of a painter and his son as the painter is asked questions on painting techniques and his son demonstrates how to do them on a canvas while in the corner of the screen a digital paint program is being shown from a computer screen.
White text is seen on the screen.
A still picture of the artwork is shown as credits in yellow test roll.
A computer made paining is shown as people are heard laughing and talking about the work.
A man walks a couple of camels along the ocean front.
A person is riding in a raft boat.
They are dragging a person on water skis behind them.
He moves his legs quickly while standing on the bike.
man is sitting on a chair and a man next to him is smoking.
man is smiling in the chair and a man next to him is smoking.
A man is standing in the bathroom and puts two thumbs up while showing his beard and head.
He then takes a razor and begins going over his beard and lining it up.
Once complete,he puts the clippers down and stands still to see what he's done.
Two children are seen standing outside with one playing hopscotch and dogs walking in and out of frame.
There are various still pictures of girls playing water polo.
a woman is standing over a small boy with her hands wrapped around his.
they both are holding a bat.
A group of women are seen wearing bikinis and washing vars.
A guy enters a building through a door.
A guy greets two sitting individuals.
The guy point a gun at the individual pointing three guns.
A man hits the individual pointing guns with a bowling pin.
The guy pulls the head of the individual not pointing guns.
The man bowls with the individual's head.
The man tosses the head which the guy catches in a bag and shakes.
An athlete practices tossing a Javelin in a track a field course.
He cuts it into a style, then dries it.
Several men are shown playing drums and cymbals.
The girl walks and does tricks along the beam while the man spots her.
She then takes something out of a crock pot and puts it onto a plate.
Some boys are shown in a volleyball court outside, one boy serves the ball over and over again.
A different set of teams is shown playing volley ball and then a few others.
a man surfing is seen coming to his feet on his board.
We see one girl throw shotput two times.
We then see the ending title screens.
The first man in white runs in and makes a layup shot while the second man retrieves the ball.
This video shows viewers how dumb people are and what pure failure looks like.
Next, another man grabs the woman and tries to hold her in the air using his hands, and he drops her causing both of them to fall to the ground.
Two men are standing on a roof.
One of them cleans the roof with a pressure washer.
Then they put cement on the tiles.
A man does a long hand stand in the middle of the dance.
A worn out dresser is inside a garage.
The person mixes ingredients together in a bowl and then pours it onto the finished salad.
She finishes by putting more cheese in and mixing it around.
The person spins several more times and throws the object into a fence.
A man is creating a hole in the ice.
A fish pops out, and the man grabs it.
She begins a tutorial and starts brushing through her wet hair and parting it.
She uses a certain brand of spray and sprays t around her hair and then she picks up her blow dryer and a curling brush and begins to begins to blow dry her hair.
Once her hair is dry she uses another type of spray and sprays throughout her hair, thought she curling but she was just straightening.
women ar swinging on a backyard.
women are in Courtyard of a school having fun on swings.
A black screen with white text explains that it is an instructional video on how to play a song on two congas.
she uses a toothbrush to brush her teeth.
The man then shows how to work the monkey bars in multiple ways.
Then the trainer shows how to maneuver straight bar, pulleys, and medicine ball.
Furthermore, the athletic male shows pull ups.
A funeral is in progress inside a building.
A band marches in and plays music.
The group sits in the pews as they mourn.
A woman is standing in front of a truck full of wood.
She is talking about something.
She opens a bottle and pours it into a glass.
Three men are standing in a room talking to three other people who are dressed in a black and reg hoodie with their team name on.
Once all dressed,each of them appear in an in door rink in wheel chairs and begin playing the slider game.
Finally,the game ends and a man takes his jersey off,throws it on the ground and walks out of the warehouse.
A woman is hanging from two bars.
She stops and puts her feet on the ground.
A boy is shooting a bow and arrow at a target.
He pulls bows out of a bucket to shoot them.
A man throws a curling ball down ice.
A man in a blue shirt stands outside.
He is talking to the camera.
One plays a violin while the others plays the piano.
People are standing up playing the drums.
Two people in red shirts are playing bass drums in the back.
They stop playing and one of the men walks off.
A woman is standing inside her kitchen.
She then shows how to fill a cup and use it for washing.
One of the tourists smiles as she poses for the camera while on the camel's back.
The instructor then walks in and they all begin doing a routine together.
Two little girls with curlers are sitting at the counter.
The girl in pink shirt is kissing the cheek of the other girl and began poking her.
A bottle of sunscreen is shown.
A blue sun is then shown.
A website address is seen and then the words "Introduction to rope skipping".
She then does some jumping with her legs out to the sides, front to back, then crossing her arms.
She does a few more variations and at the end we see the website listed again.
A man is riding a bike along a long roof.
an aerial view of a ski resort is shown.
several people climb the hills with snowboards and skis.
Two boxers are getting ready to fight.
A person is sitting on a dirt bike outdoors.
A team of green and yellow outfitted cricket players pay ball on the field with one player staring another down with a menacing look.
three people are kneeling on a track.
The people jump together while others watch on the side.
He stands up and sets the hose down.
The woman walked over to the other girl and about to hand her the stick.
They put a roll of toilet paper inside the pumpkin.
A man is standing at a microphone in front of a crowd.
the girl grabs a cigarrette and start smoking and is trying to make circles with the smoke.
the woman is siting and lays on the bed to keep smoking.
The man then puts his two hands on the ground, and pushes his feet back to go back on his knees and demonstrates one more time how he jumps from his knees to his toes.
The man then spreads himself out to lie down and talk closer to the camera until he ends it with a smile.
She shows off her exercise routine before the big performance.
women are kneeling down in the racetrack and runs and in the end makes a long jump.
A person is buffing the ice in front of a ball.
A man slides a curling ball down the lane.
People are standing at the end of the lane cheering.
a crowd is gathered in a gym.
two men enter a circle of people.
the two men then begin fighting capeiro style.
They go over hills and around the curves to the finish line.
The girls continue to speak with one another while the girl knits.
People are standing in front of a counter.
People are walking towards a yellow bus.
A black van drives beside the yellow bus.
People row inflated boats on a rocky body of water.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A large waterfall of a river is shown.
The man flips herself all along the beam while others watch on the side.
women are playing beach soccer on a large field.
The girls move back to the beginning performing tricks.
Giving the instructions and explanation on the screen along the way, the person wets the stones in water, then sharpens a knife on a sharpening stone and then on a knife sharpening tool.
A person is seen having his back shaved and signing a piece of paper.
The artist continues tattooing and the man looks and speaks to him in the end.
a woman is seated outside, talking to the camera.
Several people are shown riding horses along a path.
People are standing on the side watching him.
People are sitting down next to the sand.
a lot of people are sitting on stands watching the woman in the middle of the court.
the judge points are shown on screen.
As he continues playing,he never looks up from the table implying that he doesn't know any of the notes by heart.
A tractor is driving down a path.
It is using its scoop down in the snow.
A small child is seen sitting on the floor when an adult walks into frame.
The woman begins putting rollers in the girls hair while smiling to one another.
A child irons a yellow tshirt.
She then irons another shirt.
She throws it on the floor at the end.
She begins to point and explain the process to paint her furniture yourself like a DIY project.
After she shows the colors of the paint that she is planning to use  then she grabs some grey paint and paint brush ans begins at the top of the white chair.
More people are shown shooting the bow and arrow as well as the camera looking around targets.
One woman continues using her bow and walks over and grabs them.
red lemonade is shown in a jar on a wooden chair.
a red tea is prepared in a pyrex and is mixed with the lemonade and serve in a jar.
two women are standing in a kitchen talking to the camera.
to make syrup women pour water and sugar in a pot and heat till the sugar disolves.
woman cuts the lemon, des seed, chop them and put them on the blender.
then pour the juice in the syrup and serve in a clear cup.
four men walk along a beach.
a crowd watches from the side of the field.
the two teams then begin to play tug of war.
An intense game begins and the two run from side to side taking turns hitting the ball making sure the ball doesn't stop.
After some time,the two guys take a break before going back at it and hitting the ball again.
Two men are standing in the inside of a room with several animal heads on the wall as well as archery posters.
In between the man talking,the other guy begins doing a few demonstrations and aiming at the target on the other end of the wall.
After several releases of the boy,the target is zoomed in on and the guy comes back to talk about what just took place.
A man does a pole vault and fails the first time.
She then takes out a pair of contacts and puts it in a container.
She then puts the contact back in and continues speaking to the camera.
At the end footage is shown of the man playing lacrosse at the time the video was made.
A woman then shows how to hang wallpaper inside a house.
Two people are seen riding in tubes down a mountain.
He continues taking puffs and blowing smoke into the air.
A large bumper car pileup is occurring with kids at the wheels.
The pileup is broken briefly.
Another pileup occurs preventing much movement by the cars.
People can be seen entering and exiting the location as he takes a break.
The judges and  audience can be seen as the man exits the stage.
The young people continue to play competitively sometimes slipping in the sand in an effort to dominate the soccer ball.
The lady shows the girl how to roll the dough, and helps cut shapes into nice little shapes.
The little girl then sprinkles the dough and is happy that the cookies will turn out well.
A man is seen sitting on the floor speaking to the camera.
He lays down and begins demonstrating how to do a proper sit up.
A woman is sitting down in a chair.
He starts brushing her hair with a blue brush.
when ends the man keeps talking to the camera.
The wiggle around their feet and begin putting shoes on.
The man gets back onto his horse.
The man demonstrates how to use a machine by pushing and pulling.
A person grabs a saddle from the side of a barn.
They carry it and put it onto a horse.
Many people are riding horses along a trail.
Two men are in a room playing ping pong.
An astroturfed gym is shown with people walking around.
Two men gather to arm wrestle.
A man is standing outside in a yard.
He talks about his technique as he continues to rake the leaves.
An individual dressed in white walks in front of the marching band.
The marching band begins to play.
The marching band and the individual stop performing, and the individual walks off camera.
two people are on a court practicing fencing being hold by ropes.
They slice a boiled egg with a slicer and put it on the sandwich.
They put mayonnaise on top of the sandwich.
They put a piece of bread on top of the sandwich.
After some time,the arrow is finally released in slow motion to a target and the lady slowly puts her hand down.
People are dancing on a round stage.
They finish dancing and the people watching stand up to applaud.
People are playing dodge ball on a court.
then the woman wets a cloth and clans the face with it.
man is on lake side talking to the camera like other couples as well.
The man spins himself around while hanging onto a string.
He lifts his legs up then leans back in the water.
The balls continue to fly as others watch on the side.
He takes a drink and mixes the ingredients up together.
A man is talking inside a large gym.
The person easily cuts a piece of newspaper paper.
There are surfers in the water waiting for a wave to come so they can surf.
A diver walks to the end of the diving board.
The diver plummets from the board next to another man into the water.
He closes his legs and flips off onto a pair of stilts.
The child begins moving back and fourth while looking to the camera.
The child continues moving back and fourth.
The marching band performs on front a building and other places.
woman is sitting in front of a table with a big beer cup in front of her.
the woman grab the cup with her mouth and drinks all the beer buttons up.
woman wearing white shirt and white blazer is in a bar and drinks a beer glass.
Another child spins her around and lets him swing into the air.
The child continues swinging around and the blindfold falls off.
two people are in a living room.
A man is seen kneeling down over a bike.
The man continues to adjust the bike when a woman walks in and out of frame.
A box is shown containing different colored items.
He uses the colored bars to assist him in replacing the tire.
Men are outside at the field for a track and field event.
a woman walks down a set of stairs.
the woman comes to a stop in front of the stairs.
the woman then belly dances.
A juvenile holds a jar of beer while a young person looks at him smiling.
A woman is seated in front of the camera.
People ski in a hill.
The shadow of the person on the snow is visible.
the woman then places a shirt on the board.
the women then begins ironing.
A camera pans around an area and leads into people riding in rafts and a man jumping out the back.
More and more people ride around in raft.
A man is seen cleaning a set of windows quickly in front of a large crowd.
A third man speaks into a microphone towards the window washer.
Then the scene cuts to a soccer game that appears to be a parody team game.
At the end, the four man are shown again and then the logo of the show, and finally a website address is shown.
There is a man in a net in blue.
He swings a ball on the end of a wire and lets go throwing it out into the field.
There's a news reporter sitting in the studio with a laptop in front of her giving the daily news telecast.
The captain of the Australian polo team talks about the event too.
The news correspondent representing the news channel signs off from the news clip.
A tai chi instructor begins a stance routine and is seen shifting his weight to either leg multiple times before briefly returning to his original stance.
He then begins a second routine that has him facing either direction for a brief period of time.
He does this until he comes back to his original starting position before the video ends.
a small campfire is shown in the woods.
someone turns on the campfire in the night.
A man is standing on a stage playing an instrument.
He continues playing, moving back and forth as he goes.
The purple strips are overlaid onto the styrofoam.
"Francesca Sugar Art" is shown on screen with video links.
The women kick and jump around one another while continuing the routine.
woman exhalates a smoke and the man inhalates.
a man and a woman are sharing smoke in a room.
A woman is getting a tattoo applied by a man with a grey shirt and black hat.
Man dabs the woman's arm with a rag.
They pet the can afterwards.
a man is standing over a piece of large metal.
the man then adjusts his angle and continues welding.
She gets off the ladder and moves it to continue putting the paper on the ceiling.
Kids walk to the water's edge and launch the water craft, including boats and inner tubes.
A man narrates the scene at the helm of a boat.
People buy food from a floating food boat by the shore.
The credits of the clip is shown.
A lady rubs a liquid from an aerosol can on children faces.
The lady wipes the child's head with a cloth.
A gymnast does several flips along a mat.
She then dismounts and raises her arms.
The jump of the swimmer is showed again.
The man walks drying his body.
A man is talking inside a kitchen.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A person in a red coat is cleaning the snow off their car.
They lift open the trunk of the car.
They open the door to the car.
The person sets up their grip while holding themselves up on flat bars in a park.
The woman slows down then drops off from the parallel bars.
The dog starts running away.
A bomb flies onto the grass and blows up.
the boy then start to wrestle.
A large group of people are seen wandering around an area.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about home repair.
After preparing the pipe, the man puts some rubber compound around the pipe and attaches a new gasket.
The men begin performing gymnastic tricks one after the other down a mat.
The men continue flipping and a man helping them at the end.
This woman is floating in her room in space that has no gravity whatsoever and she is washing her face using the cloth.
She also turns upside down to get her toothbrush out of the compartment and she starts brushing her teeth.
When she's done, she stops and wipes her mouth using the cloth.
Man holds surfboards in the beach.
A man holds a white surfboard and enters the sea.
He then beings to push the weight up and down.
He stands up and does the same thing.
one wrestler grabs the other man and slams him to the ground.
The person wearing masked is torching the metal.
The man removed his helmet and talked to the camera.
They speed the video as they build the castle.
The young boy is blowing his bagpipe a his fingers press the pole.
The people are passing by as the boy play the bag pipe.
A man climbs out of a boat to the water.
A woman is drinking a beer from a bottle.
She lifts it to her mouth using her feet.
She holds it to her mouth and drinks.
A boat is pushed by a car to the river.
Then, a group of people board the boat.
A man water surf behind the boat.
Then, a woman gives a special stick to the man that uses it to shoot  down discs throwing from the boat.
People cheer as they game continues on showing several more goals being made.
A man stands in front of a group of people and plays the violin while other people, sitting on the floor , play the violin behind him.
A man holds up a violin in front of a room of people and then begins to play it.
They take turns trying to balance and walk on the rope.
They fall or make it across, taking turns.
They put a top coat over the nails.
A woman's nails are being painted two shades of pink.
Two people are seen walking around a close room holding tennis rackets.
The two begin hitting the ball around the area.
A man and woman are standing together on a stage.
The woman is throwing balls, trying to get them into the cups as they rotate.
An individual cleans snow off a car.
The camera pans to show a small child indoors watching television.
The individual outside enters the cleaned car and drives away.
The little girl begins moving across the stage on her toes making leaps and jumps while extending her hands out in front of her.
They are wearing fencing outfits.
They then demonstrate fencing for the show.
Several students are on the side.
A gymnast mounts a pair of bars.
He flips and hand stands, and turns several times.
More clips are shown of the contaminates left on the floor is shown after all of the mopping is completed.
two men are talking to the camera under a wooden construction in an open field.
man is hanging from the wooden construction and behind him the other man do the same.
the manis again hanging but this time he is holding himself ever two steps.
A man is standing there with a woman bending over in front of him.
He bends down and lifts her up to his face, flipping her around.
The man walks forward while holding the woman in that position.
The man leans forward and slams the woman down on her back onto a trampoline.
A group of musicians perform on a street while pedestrians and motor vehicles pass by.
The camera pans to show pedestrians and the city skyline.
Others kneel around him as he continues to reel.
He finally pulls out a fish and shows it to the camera.
The man with glasses is playing his accordion.
He ties the calf and walks back on the horse.
A pitcher pitches a ball to the batter.
The batter bats the ball really far.
A fan catches the ball, cheering in happiness.
An older man mounts his own camel lying down that is attached to the woman's and a worker is standing close to the man.
The working man walks over to the older man's camel, pulls his rope up, instructs the elderly man how to sit on the camel, and the camel stands up while the older man also holds on tight while smiling.
Another man in yellow enters the stage.
She walks up to a pinata and tries to hit it.
Ice and cream are added into the toy mixer.
The mixer is rotated around to prepare the ingredients.
The child enjoys eating a bowl of the ice cream.
He even at one point does it one handed and puts some other cool tricks into it.
She performs a routine on the double bars.
She walks off to the applause of the audience.
people are scattered on a baseball field.
a man standing a home plate has a ball coming his way.
the man kicks the ball and runs to the next plate.
She starts by demonstrating a dry method to clean leather and then moves on to a wet method used to clean leather.
Several clips are shown of people performing tricks on boards and holding up boards to the camera.
A woman turns the camera around to show the back of her horse.
A close up of a flag is shown in a room.
A girl in a green shirt is being recorded as she swings back and forth on a swing.
You can see a man near the swing and a white shirt standing as the girl is swinging.
men are in a gym in full padding.
the man talking to other men who are sitting down.
A woman runs down a field.
Then, she begins to jump rope while the man shows the proper form for jumping rope.
a woman is holding a contac lense on her index finger and with her other hand open the eye to put the contact.
different gloves are shown in a video.
bikers are riding on a competition at night.
A bunch of advertisements appear and then several black and yellow flags are seen drawn across the city.
After, a man appears in a room talking to a large group of people who are getting dressed in green jerseys and grabbing their field game wooden stick.
Once in the field,the people do a small drill of holding the ball across the paddle and walking across the field.
After,a real game begins and several people are shown in the stadiums cheering for each other and giving out trophies.
The barbel fell down with the man, he fell on his back.
We see an opening title screen.
We see people standing in the rain and a jetski on a truck.
The man falls off the jetski into the lake.
We see a man water skiing behind the man on the jet ski n the lake The two men walk on the shore then speak to the camera before driving away in the truck.
We see the ending title screens.
She then starts putting her hair up.
She then sprays her hair with hairspray.
Two boys are shown putting on scuba gear.
An instructor takes them underwater.
A man is dressed as a chef in a classroom.
He demonstrates how to sharpen a knife against the blade.
A man picks up a slumped over man on a sidewalk at night then slams the slumped man onto the ground.
We see a repeat of the slam in slow motion.
A woman in a kitchen setting demonstrates how to make a smores ice cream cake using different ingredients, cookware and an oven.
A woman talks to the camera while standing in front of a kitchen counter.
man is helping a woman dressing like a sumo.
two sumo players are standing in a small blue court wrestling and a dog is walking around.
people are ouside a house in the backyard watchnig people in sumo outfits wrestling.
A dramatic video of children outside playing lacrosse in a park.
man is standing in a trampoline and make a jump into a pool.
A person rides down a snowy hill with a child on a tube.
The drummers play their song in unison and drum in sync.
The drummers then form a straight line and continue to do their routine in perfect sync with each other until then end.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding up a bottle.
She stirs around liquid into a bowl and dips a rag in.
Then the lady grabs the rock,but the boy comes back and takes another turn.
Finally,the little girl throws the rock and takes her turn but she ends up jumping pass the game before turning around coming back.
The person falls and gets back up riding on the board.
The person continues to ride around on the board in the yard.
They play a game of rock paper scissors and then the girl on the right wins and proceeds to sit on the girl on the left.
a young man stands in a room holding a violin.
a woman is then shown walking through a forest.
She continues to do tricks with the dog while others watch on the side.
when they meet start dancing cumbia in the middle of the square.
He is then shown riding along the water while the camera watches from below.
A man in a red shirt is standing next to a workout machine talking.
Then there us a girl in a blue shirt on one of the machines using it to workout.
All of the features of the machine are pointed out by the narrator and the girl interacts with them.
He takes several ramps and skate parks.
A woman is putting sand into a green bucket.
She dumps it out upside down in front of her.
Then the reflection in the mirror again, she starts to fix her left eye.
A man wearing a hat is outdoors talking.
A kneeing man talks to the camera.
The man uses some shoe polish to polish a pair of black shoes.
The man holds up and displays the polished shoes.
two girls are sitting in sand on a beach.
the girls begin building a sand castle.
waves from the ocean come in and wash away the sand castle.
the girls then go inside and play.
"Spear & Jackson Tyzack Professional Builders Tools" appears on screen with a logo and website address.
He is holding a hose to his mouth.
He takes a hit from a hookah and blows out smoke.
A young Asian female with a pink leotard is standing in an auditorium taking deep breaths and becoming focus.
She does several flips,toe touches,turns and flips during her routine before jumping off and sticking her landing on a blue mat.
girl is running in a race track and make a jump to a pole to make gymnastics.
people are standing behind the stage siting on stands watching the girl.
Two men are seen kneeling down in front of one another and begin performing martial arts.
More people kick around a circle near one another as others watch on the side.
Two women are sitting down talking.
A man is crying on a woman.
A woman in black and red tights is getting ready to start running.
Once she gets in place where she is ready she puts all her force into throwing the stick.
A man appears in a small body of water holding on to a rope attached to a boat,gliding across the water.
Another man then comes along in the water and the two begin to box.
Finally,a commercial add for Dairy Queen comes on showing that you can get a burger and a shake for three dollars and ninety nine cents.
She exhales a lot of smoke.
People walk in and out of frame as they play.
She lays them out next to a glass of milk and breaks off a piece.
A kid takes mouthwash and swishes it in his mouth.
He spits it out and then starts crying.
A man holding some sort of fruit takes to the camera while two children walk around near him.
Hands are shown going through the process of emptying a pumpkin and adding dirt to it.
The pumpkin is buried in the ground.
The man talks to the camera again as the two children walk near him.
The camera pans down to focus on the horse the camera user is riding on.
a group of curlers are shown inside a hockey rink.
The women take turns pushing the puck down the aisle.
Other athletes follow suit, also landing in the sand.
Two men are standing on the ice fishing.
They pull a large fish out and hold it up.
A man is riding a lawn mower backward down a hill.
He continues in a circle as he keeps blowing the leaves.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a paper.
Finally the race is finished.
the two get up and run towards each other.
"Gooroo Youth Basketball Offensive Drills: 3 on 0 Pass and Screen Away Rollyer Lay-Up by Tara VanDerveer" is shown.
The Gooroo logo appears on screen again.
Two teams are on an indoor court and playing soccer.
A man wearing glasses is now talking into the camera holding his microphone in front of him, then is shown interviewing a man.
Various clips of the teams playing soccer continues while the crowd cheers them on.
A man is standing on the beach talking to the camera.
They then talk about the art of surfing and some different moves.
A man starts doing flips into the water.
He does it many different times.
He continues shaving his face and ends by turning off the camera.
She adds some fruit on a toothpick to the finished drink.
Four men are at a beach playing volley ball as a man filming them announces the plays and talks to them and jokes with them.
Two women are seen walking around a dark room with one washing dishes.
A woman is kneeling in a dance pose on a stage.
They move all over the stage fluidly as they perform.
Steps in painting nails are shown, including prep, painting an sealing.
The final design is shown again along with social media links.
The man clapped his hand and talked and raised his hand.
The man put is hand over his other hand and continue to talk.
man is weightlifting is a roofed gym.
blonde man wearing shorts is in the roofed gym and is lifting weight.
A man and woman are seated at a table, looking at a map.
They get geared up for a run and drink water.
They then join and run in a race with several other people.
He is wearing a black tank top.
He then demonstrates several different stretches.
He stands back up in the studio.
As the game continues,the young lady bends over the table and looks at the guys and asks if she is blocking their view.
After they end the video,an ad for beer appears that the men were drinking.
A person is water skiing backwards off the side of a boat.
A person is water skiing back and forth behind a boat.
A person is water skiing next to a boat and sits down in the water before standing back up.
A young boy is seen smiling to the camera while sitting behind a drum set.
The second boy dances around and screams into the mic while the first continues to play drums.
The man blow dries the woman's hair using a round brush.
He then styles it with a comb.
The credits of a clip are shown.
A lady is standing on the lawn and speaking.
A guy takes his body through a hula hoop.
The children chase the guy.
The children lay on the lawn with the guy.
The credits of a video are shown.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a tennis racket.
Clips are shown of people playing tennis and him holding up the racket.
He puts the racket closer to the camera.
The man demonstrates how to move on the board while still speaking to the camera.
He continues to move around an area while speaking and gesturing to himself.
The woman is talking on the microphone.
Several clips are shown of people walking around and speaking to the camera.
The people hold up instruments and one boy begins to play.
More clips are shown of children playing instruments and speaking to the camera.
A man is wearing a beanie and talking to the camera.
Another man is shown, introduced as his roommate.
A woman is talking in front of a goal net.
A man is then talking to the camera about a game.
The players gather on the field to play lacrosse.
blonde woman is in a pool trying to do that a kid jumps to the pool.
little gil is in the edge of the pool and make a jump, then start swimming to her mother.
the same woman is with the kid in a bigger pool and the id jumps and is swimming.
kid is swimming in a pool take u on stairs and make a jump again.
People are standing in a line holding bow and arrows.
She continues playing with the makeup over and over again.
A close up of a person's legs are shown with other people putting on shaving cream.
A young man with bleached white hair sits at a piano.
He begins playing the piano enthusiastically.
The finishes the song, gets up and leaves smiling.
The man uses a jack to raise the tire to the car's height.
A man is shown riding down a snowy embankment.
the ball is eventually tossed into a goal.
He moves his hands to demonstrate how to move on the board and then uses his feet.
He continues to demonstrate the move while riding around and speaking to the camera.
A woman is seen sitting on a couch next to a young child.
The child begins blowing into an instrument while the woman claps.
One of the men reach down with their stick and hits the ball that is on the grass and it goes rolling fast.
The horses all go running and the man once again reaches down and hits the ball with his stick and they all continue to ride on their running horses.
The video continues on with more clips of men running.
the ball then becomes airborne.
the ball then rolls away from the people.
women are running in a race track and making a long jump in a dusty path.
peolpe are on side of race track watching the women.
People are sitting down on chairs.
A man has various bottles of a brand of ski waxes.
He finishes with a set of brushes across the blades.
A series of still photos of before and after images of an Asian girl posing in different outfits.
The Asian girl demonstrates how to braid her hair.
Several shots are shown of fields and flags and leads into a man speaking.
Players are shown running around and warming up with more speaking to the camera.
Audience members watch the men play lacrosse with one another as well as people taking pictures and more speaking.
All of the snow slides off the roof knocking the person onto the ground.
Man dressed in black cuts the woman's ponytail off.
Woman is looking into the mirror.
They wrestle each other to the ground several times.
The men are now playing croquet in the large grassy area and they're taking turns hitting the croquet balls, smiling, and talking the whole time.
man is standing in the middle of a ring jumping the rope.
referee is standing on a corner of a ring.
Another man is blow drying his hair.
a boy is in tinkering with a skateboard in the trunk of a car.
the boy then rides that skate board down a street.
Several Riders are shown riding on a motocross track back and forth.
At one point one of the Motocross Riders has trouble with his bike and has to stop.
The man ties up the small black calf.
Several men are installing flooring in a large non-residential room.
Another man is setting floor tiles by the wall while others continue to work.
A guy plays croquet, misses the goal, and shows disappointment.
The guy rubs his arm with his hand.
A man stands with his hands formed on the lawn.
The woman walks over and hits a red, croquet ball.
A man is shown lifting weights up and throwing them back down.
Several more people are shown afterwards lifting weights over their heads and back down.
We see a man tiling and another man looking at blueprints.
The man tiling the floor cuts the tile and lays it and the man on the wall cuts a half circle in a tile and we see him tile the wall more.
They then go to the snowy mountains to ski.
both men swing at the ball until score is made.
The woman is then shown spraying paint all along a fence.
the man jumps several hurdles on the track.
A large group are gathered on a field to play.
Three women are seen standing around followed by them grooming dogs.
They sit in a large raft and go down the river.
A man is running in pogo stilts.
He turns around and then walks back.
The young man is wiping his hair with towel.
A group of people are playing tennis inside a gym.
a man next to him is standing next to him talking with him.
the kid cut his hand and the man is bandaging the hand.
They stand in position, side by side ready to dive.
a man holds a pair of shoes up to the camera.
Another small child rides a swing more vigorously.
Ice hockey players are getting dressed and signing autographs.
She goes over and gives a woman a hug standing on the side.
A man is standing on a field.
People are sitting in the stands watching.
The man spins around and throws a disk.
People are playing a game of indoor soccer.
A large group of people are seen riding in tubes down a river and smiling to the camera.
A man is seen playing piano and smiling to the camera.
People walk in and out of frame as he continues to play.
The people laugh with one another while preparing lots of food.
The man hit the ball and went in the hole, on the opposite side the woman hit the ball and went in the hole.
A person is seen hammering down a floor following by cutting up carpet.
The girls begins performing a routine together while moving their pom poms around.
A man gets a running start on a outdoor clay colored track and stops short of a line and throws the javelin then watches with an anticipating look as the javelin lands.
The event of a field ball throw is taking place on an open field with net.
Officials come to the platform and start placing tools for measuring.
They struggle to stay in the tubes, holding onto each other.
They parry back and forth with their swords.
He starts playing the drums.
The camera turns to reveal a guitar player on the stage behind him.
She leans back and speaks to the class.
A vet tech is talking behind a table.
Two men are laying down padding in a room.
They vacuum the carpet after they put it in.
He then spins several times in the kayak.
There are five people underwater with scuba gear holding hands and practicing.
Two other scuba divers swim by.
Credits roll with white text and the screen fades to black.
A man is seen unscrewing a large tire.
He then pulls off the tire and begins unscrewing the back one.
He take off the back tire and is shown again afterwards.
A woman is swimming laps in a swimming pool.
The contact is inserted into an eyeball.
The men cheer and show several more goals being made afterwards.
Two teams are gathered together on a field.
The crowd watches as they chase the ball down the field.
He continues to hit the ball onto the field.
A little boy is vacuuming the floor while the other one wearing a red shirt is watching him.
The boy wearing a red shirt slides and the one vacuuming dances a little while and put the vacuum on the back of the other.
The boy loses his breath and rises to the surface.
A man in a red shirt at an outdoor tennis court is giving a tutorial on to return a serve and how to hold the racket.
The instructor shows how to hold and move with the racket.
The instructor is now in a blue shirt and explaining more in the video and where to get more free lessons.
A white screen appears with a red arrow in a circle and black letters showing where to get more videos.
The little girl looked at the window and then continue eating ice cream.
The girl licked the ice cream on her elbow and continue eating ice cream.
Then the noodles are rinsed in the sink and transferred to a bowl.
Two teams of basketball players are on a court.
A young man wearing a black tank top begins playing a piano.
The pianist completes his performance and looks at the camera and smiles.
Several clips are shown of people washing cars and using the tool.
a girl glides down a slide.
An animated intro begins the scene.
The scene cuts to a man in a swimming pool named Brad Schumacher, who talks about tips to playing water polo.
A black screen appears and colorful logos that say "beach soccer" on one and "ITALIA" on the other appear on the screen very quickly.
The black screen with the same colorful logos briefly appear again and it's followed by more clips of people playing soccer in the sand making goals after goals while people cheer them on, and the winners cheer themselves on.
The person bounces on the rope and with her stomach.
Man in a blue t-shirt clips the rope on a second caribiner.
People then begin sliding down the hill on the tubes spinning around.
Several people ride down one after the other and smile to the camera.
The boy moves his hands up and down and begins playing.
He pauses to show off the instrument and continue playing afterwards.
One person staggers and falls from the skateboard, and only the road and the sky can be seen.
He hits the ball over the net several times.
three men walk next to each other.
the men begin putting a boat on the back of a truck.
the men drives to a lake and they all go fishing.
women are talking to the camera while the kid is playing with the oher woman.
Woman is emptying salad onto the plate.
Woman is opening a clear plastic container holding tomatoes.
Two men demonstrate different martial arts moves together on a grass covered patch of land surrounded by trees.
the woman is talking to the camera in a dark room.
We see a man on the crew.
The camera zooms in on a lady in a ponytail.
We see the hosts convince the lady to join them.
People are seen loading up a bus as well as walking onto a bus and gesturing to the camera.
The men continue playing in several shots and end by running away.
The person jumps up on a skateboard and grinds a rail.
A man is on the floor in a house.
He puts them down one at a time and seals them.
Several people are playing a game inside a swimming pool.
They are hitting a ball back and forth toward a net.
They are trying to play water volleyball.
He puts a marker inside the tire and takes it off the axis.
A bearded man talks to the camera from close up.
The man stops shaving once more to talk to the camera.
A famous musician plays the harmonica.
Another well-versed musician plays the electric guitar.
Two skateboards are shown hanging outside.
A man lifts a barbell with weights from the ground up in a gym with other people nearby.
Young women play field hockey on an outdoor school field with a stadium of onlookers.
A player returns to the opposite side.
The teams runs back towards the ball.
People behind him practice as he continues to kick.
The man kicks the other over and over.
A man is working outside in a field.
The lady flips the black comb and uses it to measure.
the woman the points to several items on the counter in front of her.
the woman then begins mixing ingredients and baking.
A young blond boy is holding onto monkey bars.
The boy lets go and swings his legs a few times and slowly works his way to the end of the monkey bars moving his hands along each rung.
The boy reaches the end, stretches his legs out to touch the wooden platform and uses the leverage to pull himself to the end.
The boy lets go of the monkey bars, stands up with his arms to his sides, smiles and nods his head.
A child talks into the camera.
He holds up a bottle of mouthwash.
the man takes off running across the track.
A group of women are inside a gym.
They slide back and forth and move in unison.
A small child holds the edge of a pool while floating.
Two women and a men talk in a newscast setting.
A bald guy is riding a camel with his young son.
A woman in orange shirt is riding a camel as three people are guiding the camel.
A woman plays the tam-tams in a cafe.
He continues torching the side.
The mayonnaise is spread on the toasted bread and then the ham is placed and then cheese, then mayo is spread again, then the bacon is added and then the lettuce and tomatoes.
The person put sticks on the sandwich then cut into four, then he placed fries on the plate and the sandwiches.
A man is standing up giving the boy a tattoo on his arm.
The boy sits still while he gets the tattoo.
A person is using a red scraper to remove snow and ice from the windshields.
The water runs all over a dog while he looks at the camera.
A group of young men are gathered in a darkly colored room.
One of them, who appears to be drunk, starts throwing darts.
A man is scraping ice off the drivers window of a truck with an ice scraper.
He moves ice on the ground with his foot.
A woman is talking to the camera inside a billiard room.
someone with the ace of obama is playing drums on top of stage.
different scenes from movies and video clips are shown.
There's a little toddler boy wearing a brown shirt and jeans standing in his bathroom brushing his teeth with a toothbrush.
He takes his toothbrush in his hand and and then waits for an adult to put toothpaste on it.
A child opens a faucet and wet his hands in the sink.
People are standing in an indoor field.
A man and woman are seen speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a guitar.
A woman plays the guitar and sings while a girl performs a dance routine on the stage.
A wrestler stands up outside a ring.
A person sitting next to a bike demonstrates how to remove and replace a bike chain using a small tool.
A large group of people are gathered on a track and field.
He lets go of the ball and makes it go a long distance.
A man is shown raising his arm up in the middle of a large crowd.
He spins himself around continuously and ends by jumping down the side and walking away.
A group of boys are shown skateboarding in different scenarios.
She is peeling a potato as she talks.
She continues showing how to peel the potato with a peeler.
The woman picks up each of the cleaning tools while talking to the camera.
The woman rinses the cloth under running tap water.
The woman moves some items and places a towel on her working surface.
The woman spreads the wet cloth over the towel.
The woman rolls both towels and the wet cloth up.
The woman talks to the camera once more.
They are instructing on proper methods of using their equipment.
She also takes two breaths and gives the mask back over to the diver on the right.
They turn a sink on and wash their face.
They start to work out in a gym with boxing gloves on.
A little boy is laughing in a kitchen.
He plays a harmonica and spins around.
People are standing in a gym.
They are dancing and clapping their hands.
A man bends and the dog jumps on the back, and then the men continue playing with the dogs.
The men bend for the dogs to jumps on the back and throws the frisbee far and the dogs bring the frisbees.
Also, men throw the frisbees far and the dogs catch them in the air.
A man is standing inside a garage.
He starts playing a saxophone.
A woman bungee jumps off a very tall tower.
A boy is inline skating in a gym.
He keeps rolling casually around the room.
The biker continue to drive down the dirt road.
A man is standing inside the net.
The people cheer to the camera and begin riding in a raft down a river.
A girl is seen running into frame.
the group is then shown floating and drinking in a river.
those two people throw their balls to five people standing opposite of their wall.
each sides takes turns throwing and dodging each others balls.
Camera pans to a close up of the kids legs and feet as they run through the sand and water.
A dog is getting groomed on a table.
The outside of a building is shown and leads into people talking to one another.
A robot plays ping pong against a human.
A woman walks behind the game.
The game ends and no points are scored.
The diver makes a backwards facing dives into the pool.
There are children outside on the driveway, and a red truck parked at the end of the driveway with a few orange cones.
Three boys play hopscotch on the chalk outline on the ground.
A view of the grass is shown, then a close up of a hand, and finally a man is shown riding on a riding lawn mower in a very large grassy area surrounded by a lot of trees.
Player number six then appears in a hockey rink,shakes the hand of the other team's captain and the referee's before skating to the center of the court.
A woman is standing in a room talking to the camera.
She shows off scissors and colored pink ribbon.
She then shows how to wrap the ribbon and tie a bow around a present.
A man is talking inside his garage.
He spins the tires and adjusts the chain.
The trainer and class step in a circle and up on the platform.
The trainer and class walk over then in reverse over the platform.
two men are sitting on side of a roofed pool watching the girl.
A young person gathers up darts and throws them back at board, and repeats.
Several individual are standing outside in a large green field swinging paddles back and forth.
As they travel,boats are seen as well as the trees and birds in nature surrounding them.
When they are finished,they leave the boats on the side of the water and they all are dressed in different clothing eating at a restaurant.
A man is kneeling down in front of a pile of sticks.
He lights the sticks on fire.
the woman stops playing the violing and keeps talking to the man.
A man comes onto the screen to introduce a video about rock climbing.
He gets onto the rock and starts to show several different techniques for rock climbing.
Later he begins to show a different technique for rock climbing.
a score is made and the players stop playing.
the players resume playing until the next score is made.
A young lady with long black hair,green feathered earrings and a grey two piece sleeveless outfit is sitting outside on the concrete in front of a bunch of plants.
The female then begins playing the instrument with her hands as if it is a conga moving her hands from circle to circle.
A young girl is seen walking around a playground with other people walking around.
She speaks to the camera and points around the area while speaking to others and climbing on monkey bars.
A raft is seen parked alongside a river.
They follow several small waterfalls, trying to stay upright.
She hangs up the phone and smiles at the camera.
The man in green is standing on a square concrete piece of land where he poses and aims to throw the shot put ball at a distance.
He bends forward and then swings himself to shoot the ball at a distance.
He continues to shoot more balls by holding it against his neck and aiming for his target distance.
He then flexes his muscle as the other man in blue goes to bring the shot put ball back.
The man in blue comes back with the ball and aims again to shoot another ball in the field.
A bunch of people are on a bridge.
A referee watches as two teams gather on the field.
man is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera.
the man holds a knife and cut a lettuce and put it on a bowl.
A man is talking on a basketball court.
He then pours the water on top of his head.
Another man walks behind him.
Then the camera shows the floor for a second and cuts off.
We see a title screen with a college emblem on it.
We see cheerleaders standing on the floor with people in chairs watching in a crowd.
The men flip then the ladies flip and the men lift them in the air and hold them up as the crowd claps.
The people hold up letters to spell out a word then the girls on top of the piles spell words and chants.
The men swing three girls onto girls on top of other peoples shoulders an the crowd stands cheers and claps.
The woman is then shown waiving at the crows in victory.
The action is repeated in slow motion twice.
a woman is laying on a medical chair.
here mouth is held open with clamps by second woman.
the 2nd woman removes the clamps and inserts a ring in the first woman's mouth.
man is standing in a room and is talking to the camera.
baby is in a pool swimming and floting and the man keeps talking to the camera.
A man and woman are standing in a racketball room and attempt on taking turns hitting the racketball very hard, but the woman is dominating every chance.
The woman exits first, removes her glasses and smiles, and the man is walking right behind her and removes his glasses while looking down.
a man is standing holding a knife over a table.
The ingredients are mixed into a bowl and a lemon is grated.
The cake is then baked and sprinkled with powdered sugar.
He stirs around the ingredients while adding more as well as putting noodles in a pot.
Then, the toddler jumps on the pile of leaves and spreads them.
After, the woman continue piling the leaves.
A man runs down a field and jumps backwards over a bar several times.
A woman in an orange vest is standing next to them watching.
A group has gathered in the streets.
They are taking pictures of a group of men in kilts.
A man is shown speaking to the camera and leads into a woman dealing cards.
The woman lays out cards on a table and presenting them with her hands.
They are talking as a barber is cutting some men's hair.
A little girl in her martial arts uniform approaches her three masters.
Each master congratulates her individually.
Once again congratulating her, everyone begins to applaud as she goes back to her place among the students.
Next a line of students are standing at attention and waiting for instruction, in the next scene the little girl is participating in board breaking.
There is a finger on the edge of the camera.
A young boy is seen standing behind a lawn mower and begins pushing.
He stops to throw a rock out of the way and another man helps him start it.
There are stands set up around them.
They come together and embrace in the end.
She pours it into glasses and shows it off to the camera.
A close up of a kayak is shown with a person paddling and people riding in front.
The person continues to ride along the river moving himself in the kayak.
He raises his arms, then dives into the water.
little kid is sitting in a Babies eating chair.
an adult person is holding an ice cream and is offering it to the baby.
A different man and a toddler girl are now standing next to a pool and the man throws the toddler in and she struggles to swim and struggles catch her breath while floating on her back multiple times.
Another player scores one more goal the replay shows that it was Joel Cantona.
kid is walking from side to side of a rock above a seashore.
kid is in beach in the sunset practicing slackline.
From several different countries are shown playing games and receiving Awards during several different parts of the tournament.
He continues speaking while climbing it and out as well as rowing away.
"Santa Teresa Beach Soccer 2013" animates on screen.
A game is being played on the beach field with an large crowd watching.
He does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
He dismounts and lands on a mat.
A man is seen walking into frame and sits down behind a drum.
He speaks to the camera and begins playing the drums with hands.
A boy is standing outside his house.
A woman is smoking a cigarette.
People are sitting around the stage watching them dance.
He lifts it over his head and drops it onto a mat.
People are watching him and applauding him.
The man shovels his driveway from the snow.
A car backs out of the driveway next door.
The woman rise her feet up and dance around tango.
Next, the man raises the woman and they turn around and continue dancing.
A woman enter and find the couple dancing tango.
Two men are seen chainsawing on a stage while a man stands in the middle.
A man and a little girl are playing badminton in front of a playground.
The man walks off the court.
He cuts a grapefruit in half on a block.
He then rubs the grapefruit onto the inside of a sink.
She puts on another shoe and shows off her feet in the end.
He then puts ingredients into the pot and sits it around.
Then the camera pans back to his face and he talks a bit more.
First the shirtless man dances slow to the soft music.
Then he speeds up a little and he bends while moving his legs and flexing his stomach.
In the end, he stops while still holding onto the wood of the top bunk and he stares at the camera.
People are rafting down a choppy river.
After he picks the ball,he walks over to the lane and releases the ball.
After his first round,the boy returns to get his ball and attempts to knock down the one pin left.
Another boy then takes his two turns but he rolls the ball down between his legs.
Lastly,a young girl with a purple shirt takes her two turns,she rolls like the average person does but she does it on the other lane.
They hit the ball back and forth with sticks while riding the horses.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and bends forward pointing to his back.
He lifts his leg up and then back down again.
A close up of a pool is shown followed by a person swimming around.
The white walls of a room is progressively filled with colorful pictures.
A person peels applications and put on a wall.
Then, the person pass a brush on a paper and puts it on the wall.
After the person cuts pieces of a picture to fit in the wall.
A woman talks to the camera.
A man talks to a woman.
A woman sated on a pier talks.
An ending title scene with contact information is shown.
More children are seen working and the girl looks up to the camera.
A group of people are on a basketball court.
They are engaged in a game of dodgeball.
She shows some women working in the dog grooming salon where couple of dogs are being groomed with shears by professional dog groomers.
Several kids sit with the dog and pet the dog as part of a behavioral therapy session.
The crowd begins to cheer him on during the performance.
A person is seen cleaning a window and pouring liquid into a bucket.
The teams continue their practice rounds as they hit overhand and underhand balls.
Many models, important people, and even a special handsome prince speaks in front of the camera.
He takes out a clothing item and rinses it off.
A woman is on a track, preparing to run.
She runs down the track and jumps into the sand.
A woman stands behind a bar.
She pours ice and shots into a glass.
Man hits the white billiard ball.
The instructor stands still and jumps in the air.
The instructor stops working out and leaves walks away.
He skis down a steep hill past other skiers.
Several kids are shown arriving at a park where they put their bags down and proceeded to go into the park.
He talks about how to play it and a harmonica.
A man is holding a little girl on a playset.
She goes across the monkey bars in the yard.
A boy in a wheelchair is seated in a corner.
He continues playing, hitting them with a pair of drum sticks.
A man and a woman are dressed in fancy evening wear preparing to dance on a large lit up stage.
The woman continues scrubbing a pair of tongs in the bucket.
A man swims up in the water and speaks to the camera.
Another man comes out of the water wet.
A woman on a beach applies it to her skin.
She rubs it into her skin.
He is exploring the bottom of the sea, showing off tips for how to swim.
He gives an ok sign to the camera as he moves along.
A man is wearing glasses inside a workshop.
A man and child are canoeing down a river.
The guy spins the hammer throw object.
The guy spins with the hammer throw object.
The guy releases the hammer throw object.
The guy walks toward the green net.
He pours them into shakers, then mixes them and pours for serving.
A large group of people are seen sitting in the water looking around.
Another group are seen kite surfing along the water.
A group of teen boys are painting a fence.
A man is see laying plaster on a wall and rubbing it into the wall.
A man is standing behind a table.
He holds up a large carton of eggs.
people are in roofes gym doing gymnastics.
Then he gets his electric razor and starts removing most of his facial hairs.
A man walks across a rope stretched between two mountain tops high above land , balancing himself with both arms and hands, before making it to the other side of the rope.
The man waivers but makes it to the other side where he celebrates by smiling into the camera.
She takes a giant leap through the  air.
She lands in a sand pit for distance.
A screen graphic of a dartboard wipes off screen.
In slow motion a man wearing a green shirt throws a dart.
A woman is seen leaning over a tub scrubbing a dog.
A woman signs what is happening as the game continues.
A man walks in the street and approaches a man that polish shoes.
First, the person brushes the tennis shoe and cleans it with a cloth.
Then, the person applies white polish and spray liquid.
After, the person shows boxes to the man while talking, the man return the boxes to the person.
They ride in the turbulent waves, trying to stay upright.
Several rafts flip in the harsh currents.
The continue skiing and snowboarding down the hill past others.
The bumper cars activate and the individuals drive around the arena.
The camera follows an individual in a green bumper  car as he drives around.
Two men sit in a boat.
A third person is being pulled behind the boat.
They surf side to side on the water.
Take a bow then walks behind the stool to put the guitar away.
They are engaged in a game of racquetball.
A man in a hat is shaving someone's finger.
He begins to tattoo something onto the side of the finger.
A woman hammers a stake into the ground next to a bbq pit.
The old man is reading a boy while he is sitting on the chair.
They are wearing multicolored outfits.
A group of children drive multi colored bumper cars around on an indoor surface as onlooker watch from the sidelines.
He climbs back up on the horse while others watch.
Two men then rope up the calf as others ride around on horses.
She then decorates the cake, showing off the finished product.
A young gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up.
She flips and kicks herself along the beam and jumps down to hug other people.
Her jumps are shown again and she is seen walking away.
She then gets on a bike.
A display is set up for a game of beer pong.
People clap and shake hands before the game.
They try to throw the small balls into the red cups.
A group of people are seen walking out onto a stage with one girl holding a pose.
She begins dancing around with a baton and smiling to the crowd.
She continues dancing with the baton and ends by bowing and walking off the stage.
She starts hula hooping with her foot.
They make a goal into the hole.
Clips are shown of men hanging off of buildings washing windows while another man speaks to the camera.
The men wash windows all along a building and stop to smoke cigarettes and speak to one another.
He is carrying a pole over his shoulder as he runs.
He uses the pole to vault over a bar onto a mat.
A woman talks in a TV studio, and a man water surf behind a boat.
Then, people sail in a boat, then a teen jumps in the water to surfboard, but the teen falls in the water.
After, a person  water surfs making pirouettes but falls, as well other water surfers fall.
People pass balls to each other and continue throwing them at one another.
More people walk in and out of the game while people cheer on the sides.
A group of girls are seen dancing with a woman leading in front.
A girl is recorded in the kitchen while she is dancing and mopping the floor.
A woman is wearing a long purple skirt.
People are standing on a sidewalk playing instruments.
A man stops and takes a picture of them.
An animated version of the Earth spins around and then a view of several horse stalls are shown.
Many more horses appear and people begin talking about them and caring for them.
She moves to one side of the step and continues to go up and down doing the aerobics.
She does abdominal crunches.
Then she puts her feet down.
A cheerleading team is standing in the middle of the floor preparing to perform their routine.
They begin dancing and performing their routine for a crowd of people that is standing around the room.
They end their routine and line up against the wall after they receive their applause.
Another set of cheerleaders on the other side of the room proceeds to shout a chant and cheer for the performers, giving them a round of applause while the performing team stands by the wall on the other side of the room.
Several men paddle a raft down a river.
One of the men jumps in the river.
An end title text on black screen is shown.
The girl wearing a pink dress hops in the hop scotch course.
The girl in the blue dress dances over the hopscotch course.
man hold a bottle and drinks from it standing in stage.
Then men go back and fourth with one another as people cheer.
men wearing sport clothes are playing squash in small court room.
A woman is ironing something on an ironing board.
A slow motion replays and it shows the man running and jumping once again.
an elder man is standing over a sink.
The camera blurs out as it is overcome by the debris.
Two boys are seen sitting and standing before a piano.
He lifts it up to his chest and pauses.
Immediately after,a replay is shown and attention is given to his feet for when he takes off.
A hand holds and demonstrates some sort of cutting tool.
The tool is used to cut apart a piece of roofing.
sandwiches are shown on a a plate.
celery is shown being chopped.
the contents of the bowl gets mixed then spread onto bread.
the man then applies jelly to bread.
the man makes a sandwich.
He takes his shirt off and bends over.
The guy moves the ironing table.
The credits of the clip are shown.
woman is talking to the camera showing a candy pizza.
the woman put chocolate in a bain marie, add butter and mix them with a spatula.
the woman spread butter  and chocolate on bread slices grate cheese on it.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding an instrument.
She continues to play while pausing in between and smiling to the camera.
The man then takes a small can of wax and puts it on a piece of wood that he is holding in his hand.
First he lifts one leg up onto the other leg and he puts one white high knee sock on.
a man walks up to a tall wall of bushes.
A man is talking in front of a camera on a track.
He fills the glass with ice and now makes the drink explaining the measurements.
a green grassy field is shown with some flowers.
men are playing polo on a green grassy field riding horses.
a girl is on a basketball court performing a routine with a baton.
They engage in a game of soccer together.
They kick the ball back and forth to each other.
A gymnast flips around a bar numerous times.
Two men dressed in red are playing table tennis.
men are walking in rocks by side of the river .
a score board is shown.
He raises his arms up and begins spinning all around on the beam.
They continue running around doing tricks through tunnels and poles.
A person puts sticks into a pile.
They light the sticks with a lighter.
Several clips are shown of people cheering and walking around on a beach.
A man speaks to several women and plays a game with them.
A boy is using a large rake to move leaves across the yard.
Another boy joins in, and the first boy walks away.
He then begins dancing with the mop.
He puts a fishing pole into the ice.
He picks up the fish in his hand.
The individual stops spreading the plaster.
The hallways of a school is shown.
The man gets into an elevator.
Two people are brushing the front of the stone.
People are sitting on the beach making a sand castle.
A black dog is shown walking on the beach.
A person is running into the waves of the water.
A shirtless man stands in an auditorium.
He then lifts himself on the beam.
A group of people are seen riding horses down a beach as well as riding in a cart.
They're shown riding all around the beach in many shots as well as kissing the horses and speaking to one another.
The continue riding around and laughing with one another.
The people continue to play with one another and end by shaking hands and two holding up a trophy.
He is drinking from a bottle with a blue substance.
The camera focuses on an older man's face.
A close up of some sort of machinery is shown with the man or the children occasionally interacting with it.
The two children interact with each other again.
A man is shown sitting at drums.
He starts drumming the drums.
a man is kneeling in sand.
a 3rd boy skateboards through a street.
several skateboarders are then shown skateboarding and falling.
People are doing back flips on mats.
A man is jumping and running on stilts.
A woman is seen painting the face of another.
The woman speaks to the person while still painting.
The woman continues to paint his face.
A man helps someone get on a camel and stand up.
Then he guides them as they ride the camel around town.
Others come and start placing lights on the tree too, the video is sped up.
Video of the final look of the Christmas tree is shown.
He partially shaves his face and shows off to the camera.
He finishes shaving his face while making funny faces.
Several views are shown of an archery set.
A man is seen outside in the snow as he shoots.
men are doing tricks and bi jumps on their motorbikes.
The small bowls of salt are arranged and limes are sliced in halves.
The salt is poured into the cup from the small bowls.
Water is added to the cup and more limes are squeezed in by hand.
Several children are playing pool soccer.
The game in the pool continues as the swimmers change direction.
Two young girls perform backflips in their home.
They go outside and do several flips on the grass.
The girls finish by walking on their hands.
woman is sitting on a couch interviewing another girl on a studio.
woman is showing facial soaps and cleansers.
He takes a big jump into a sand pit.
on the floor man is watching two men going down a rock wall.
The guy measures the ingredient on the table.
The child pours the ingredient into the bowl and mixes with a spoon.
The guy opens an ingredient with scissors.
The guy mixes the ingredients in the bowl.
The guy uses silverware to put dough on a baking pan.
The guy puts the baking pan into the oven.
different people are introduced to the camera.
the man drinks the entire  contents of the glass with one swallow.
The chef slices orange slices and displays the finished salad.
man is recording a video while is jumping on a bungee.
A kitchen in black and white is shown with the words "Washing Dishes at The Church" and "Listen to #DeathSquad podcasts" are printed on the cabinet doors.
A podcast advertisement is shown.
The process continues,and the woman cracks the eggs,finishes them and hands them to the customers,making sure to spray the grill after each use.
man is doing a javelin throw in a large open field.
man is running in a court and make a javelin throw to a green grassy field.
All of a sudden,a small barn is shown and several people begin horse back riding throughout the wilderness.
A crowded train is shown from the inside.
A man is talking to someone else as the car begins to rock.
A woman gets up and walks away.
The man looks off into the distance and begins dancing around with a sword.
Two young men ride skateboards down numerous paved streets in upper class residential neighborhoods.
Two young men begin to skateboard down the street of a residential neighborhood.
The two men travel on sidewalks bending at the knees and squatting as they skateboard and then stand again and ride the skateboard down streets again.
The man then begins shoveling while the girl throws snow up in the air.
A tattoo artist is giving a man a tattoo on the leg.
He fills in the spaces of chinese symbols with black ink.
He wipes it clean, then continues tattooing.
A man walks into frame and holds up a harmonica.
He pauses to speak to the camera and continues playing on the harmonica.
The server then grabs a stick and starts taunting the man and acting like he is dropping the ice cream on the ground and not giving it to the man.
The woman and the man talk in the gym and give advice if a person is cramped up.
man is standing in front of the men in motorcycles holding a sign with numbers.
men are doing motocross in a dusty path.
She starts brushing her bands up and puts a curler in her bangs.
A group of women are seen sitting on the floor wrapping presents.
More shots are shown of people wrapping presents and speaking to one another.
People are playing a game where they hit a ball with a stick.
A man is seen kneeling on the ground and holding onto a machine.
He continues using the machine on himself.
a woman is standing in a park with two frisbees and a dog.
this pattern is repeated with other performers.
A man walks into a courtyard holding a child and proceeded to walk into a house starts building a structure.
He moves outdoors where he continues to complete the structure with sanding and paint.
A woman in a black shirt is standing in front of a field talking.
People are playing a sports game on horses in a field.
The woman puts on many different hats.
a man is sailing on a boat in the ocean.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair with a woman standing behind her holding an object.
A man is seen putting chains on his body followed by many people walking down a cliff.
More people speak to each other while climbing and sitting down eating food.
They race bicycles around the track.
The individual moves out of the way to allow the camera to capture the completed image on its own.
The image fades to a thank you text on white screen.
A large track is shown with a man standing ready.
The man jumps over a bar and celebrates.
His jump is shown again as well as him walking away.
He continues to play and then walks out of frame.
A man is being recorded while jumping up and down on jumping boots.
Several people come and go in the background as he is performing his jumps.
She talks and shows how it is used.
He ropes a small cattle.
He then ties it up in rope.
The bass drum begins hitting his drum and then the band begins playing their part song in unison.
The man continues to kick their legs and demonstrate how to swim.
A man throws a heavy ball from a circle and it crosses the goal lines.
The man walks around afterwards upset and picks up a towel pacing around afterwards.
A man uses a sharpener to sharpen a knife.
He rakes it over the sharpener several times.
A bald headed man appears behind a table dressed in a chef's attire.
After he finishes talking,he then grabs a small grey container,puts a clear lid on it and begins cutting through the plastic in a delicate fashion.
The man then takes out the knives and places them on the black table and continues talking.
man walks in the roofed gym andis weightlifting.
waterfall is shown in front of a rock wall on a river.
men are kayaking and a man makes a high jump to the river.
A number of children play a dodgeball type game on a grassy field.
One of the children falls down while going after the ball.
a man holds a tattoo needle on a woman's arm.
the woman begins talking to the camera.
the man and woman laughs.
the man finishes the woman's tattoo.
A group of people stand against a wall.
A few catch and keep throwing.
The black man is talking to the camera then ate some ice and continue to talk.
The men pull out more objects in a shed while the boat rides along.
A man is shown speaking to the camera holding a violin.
The man then begins playing the instrument while looking down.
Two men are seen playing a game of fooseball while showing a close up of the table.
A man talks to the camera while standing next to a pool, interspersed with short scenes of an individual swimming in the pool.
The first man talks to the camera again while occasionally making gestures with his arms, still interspersed with short scenes of an individual swimming in the pool.
There is a man playing a saxophone, and then he talks for awhile.
A guy is indoors working in his garage.
A guy is welding a brown, flat object.
man is vacuuming the carpet in an office and the inside of a trash bin.
the man put the vcuum on the floor and take out the bag and shows the container.
A man stands on front the parallel bars holding it.
The man starts to advance holding on his hands.
The man stops in the middle of the parallel bars, raise his legs and after continues advancing.
Next, the man jumps on the mat.
She then sands down the table and dips a brush into paint.
She then paints all around the table while sanding more and finally laying down wax.
A woman breaks a Guiness book of world records by hula hooping with 107 hula hoops in front of an audience and then giving an interview.
A man is on his knees inside a gym.
He is showing different ways to stretch and exercise.
a woman is standing on a bridge in front of a crowd.
a man is strapping a woman in a harness.
A close up of a violin is seen with a person's hands moving all around.
He lifts the weight up over his head then back down again.
A group of people are walking across a field and talking.
They swing their bats, hitting the ball and throwing it.
Four people are seen standing on a basketball court.
One begins shooting baskets while the others grab balls for her.
Another man steps into frame while the girl continues to practice.
The person is wakeboarding on the water with costume on.
He turns the tool and uses the cutting edge to slice the carpet at the wall seam and tears off the cut strip.
A person is seen bending down before a wall.
She also shows herself teaching a core strength exercise.
A juvenile skates on a big court, he pass over rails without falling.
The roof top of a house is shown as it is damaged over time.
We then see several images of the after repair process.
Then we see an advertisement for the group siding and remodeling the house.
The teams are represented by blue shirts and white shirts they're wearing.
A man is standing on a bridge and talking to the camera.
A shot of balls are shown as well as clips of people surfing and walking around.
The video continues on with several shots of people playing paintball that transitions into people skateboarding and walking around.
A number of individuals stand marching in place on either side of a courtyard.
The individuals walk into the center of the courtyard and do some sort of synchronized routine with stepping platforms.
A man and woman are in a blue weight room as the man lifts some weights and does a squat snatch as a woman  looks on.
These shirtless men are standing in the hot sun while they dig up dirt from the ground.
The men talk to each other and even praise God when the woman does a move that they've wished for themselves.
One of the vacuum clears is shown vacuuming a wooden floor.
The second vacuum is shown using its attachment parts to vacuum various things.
A woman places the attachment parts into holders on the vacuum cleaner.
The woman detaches and holds up the filter on the vacuum cleaner.
The two vacuum cleaners are shown once again side by side with text showcasing their features.
A man demonstrates how to snowboard and do tricks on the snowboard in a snow covered outdoor, forest like environment.
A man talks to the camera from a snow slope while wearing a green helmet.
Then, the character sits on a toilets and drinks from a cup.
She lands on the mat, arms in the air.
A man is shown speaking with another man.
A table is covered in an array of food items in plates and bowls.
The chef talks about the food, and how to use it in an omelette.
A young man is sitting down with a guitar in his lap preparing to play.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a challenge involving a rowing machine.
A man begins to row on a rowing machine as several people watch him work out.
They pick up wood and set it on a tree stump.
A man chops up ingredients and pours them into a bowl.
Another person walks in and out of frame as he continues mashing up the food.
The woman in green curl the other woman's hair and then braide the side.
The woman styled the girl's hair into an updo.
A man is in a room of a house.
He is playing a large wooden flute.
His fingers are shown changing over the holes to create different sounds.
A woman is seen laughing to the camera and holding a baby in her lap.
When she hits the white ball, it sends the rest of the balls into crazy directions and a few of them go into the holes.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a title then the girl shave the horses beard with a purple razor.
The girl walks a white horse across the screen and we see the Horse grooming product.
She moves around gracefully, jumping and spinning.
She runs off stage at the end.
the boy begins kicking leaves.
the boy then warms his hands and builds a tent.
The camera zooms in as the man pierces her face and puts a rag on afterwards.
A woman peels a fruit in her hand.
They eat the mixture with forks.
He is holding a large pole as he talks.
Then he puts cheese slices and cold lunch meat slices inside the sandwich, followed by a few slices of salami.
Another girl joins her, and makes a phone call while they talk.
A man speaks to the camera and shows several clips of people walking on rope across a cliff.
The tattoo is a butterfly flying.
The wings are being colored in green.
He is water skiing over ramps and turning flips.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
She does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a harmonica.
He plays the harmonica a bit and pauses to speak to the camera.
He continues playing and speaking in between.
She is going across monkey bars.
She crosses it several times.
Several people are standing on the grass.
They play their instruments together.
A man is standing in a snow covered field.
Several people are shown riding the tubes down the paths.
A woman is standing against a wall while talking.
A black screen appears with white text zooming in.
A person is seen sitting with her arm out while others tattoo her.
They continue to work on her hand and she looks away.
the man throw french fries in the floor and is eating from the floor and grab a bread slice to grab ketchup from the floor.
A volunteer named Zeek Compton speaks to the camera.
Information about the project and website appear on screen.
A man is shown kneeling down speaking to the camera next to a piece of exercise equipment.
He then begins riding the bike and moving along the ice.
In the end he runs away.
A man is holding a bag pipe and talking.
He puts it down and stops.
The words "BlackJack 21 (The Movie)" appear on screen.
More foreign language appears followed by shots of gambling and the word "gracias" on screen.
the man holds a shot put and starts spinning around.
An empty room,with large blue and black boulders and white steps is shown with a silhouette of a person playing.
The camera then zooms in,and shows the decor of the room as well as the person's body who is playing the piano.
He notices that there is some poop at the bottom of the sink so he lifts the dog out of the sink and rinses the poop down the drain then places the dog back in the sink.
When he is done washing the dog he removes his gloves and throws them at the camera person.
A little boy and girl are on swings on a playground.
The man offers the dog the disc and he performs a trick with it.
Several people are at the park with their dogs too and also perform.
A man is shown on the stage, playing a saxophone.
The first guy pours beer and the guys play beer pong.
The second guy makes shot after shot and the first guy drinks beers.
The second guy makes shot while holding his hand over his eyes.
He begins performing tricks with the dog using a frisbee.
He continues performing tricks while other people watch around the sides.
We see an opening title screen.
A group of kids is building a moat filled with water around a sand castle.
We see a teen and two small kids filling a large square bucket with sand.
Purple jersey players attempt to stop a white jersey player with their sticks.
The white jersey player makes it near the goal where he passes it to another player.
A guy shoots a toy gun.
The guy adds small, yellow balls to the paintball gun.
The guy gives a thumbs up.
the car is then shown driving through a tube.
a man is shown water boarding on a lake.
the car then goes through a toll both.
the car then drives through a wooded area.
They hit a ball back and forth in the water.
man spread buter on the bread and is toast in a pan while the cheese is melting.
when the sandwixh is ready the man serve it in a white plate.
A close up is shown of a white wall with a crack.
The mud is spread and smoothed to cover the damage.
kids are riding motorcycles doing tricks in a dusty race track.
different pictures of kids on their bicycles are shown.
A girl is seen swinging around on uneven bars while a man helps her on the side.
She continues swinging around while the man still watches.
A large playground full of equipment is shown.
Two teams play beach volleyball on front a crowd.
A player with ted t-shit hits the ball hard but the other team takes the ball.
Then, the green team hits a ball that the other team can reach it.
She is then shown posing for pictures.
A screen scroll asks for votes.
A man is shown standing on the back of a boat.
He shows how to put on skis before going into the water.
People walk in and out of frame followed by several clips of scenery and wake boards.
More clips are shown of people sitting in the water as well as riding on wakeboards in the water.
A man speaks to the camera and leads into groups of people hanging out and smiling to the camera.
a woman watches girls practice in a gym.
each woman and girl speaks to the camera individually.
The game becomes more intense and the goalie begins squatting down in an attempt to protect his side as the ball comes in his territory.
The man with the jumping extension does a flip and misses the landing and ends up on his but.
The man with the jumping extensions practices with the help of the man wearing red pants and completes a somersault.
an ice rink and sports gear is shown.
huge pucks are pushed across the the rink.
a point is scored and a player cheers.
the guy then left the head rest part of the couch and spray on top and in between.
finally he use a blow dry to help the paint dry and then he goes over the already painted couch with more paint to make the color deeper.
People are playing the game fencing in a room.
She falls down on the ground twice.
Another man in a tux is talking to the camera.
They wrap the tattoo with saran wrap.
A man is seen in several clips shooting a basket into a hoop.
men start playing basketball in an empty court.
A large group of women are seen walking onto a stage and holding a pose.
They begin dancing together with batons while others watch.
The continue dancing with one another and end by walking off stage.
a woman is sitting with yarn on her lap.
the woman begins knitting win the material.
A person walks behind the man.
Then, the man runs in circles, also a person runs in circles.
A person starts filling a large blue bucket with water.
They put the dog into the water.
A guy is putting white paste from a can on to a parted surface with a paintbrush.
The guy puts dots of white paste on the whitened area.
They are hitting a ball against the wall with racquets.
A woman in a green shirt is standing next to a brown horse.
women are wearing pink shirts playing voleyball in a wooden court.
man stands on the bike to go faster and is looking to the camera.
She puts the harmonica down and shows her teeth.
A girl in the group throws the dart against the wall.
An ad for the dart shows on the screen.
He continues shaving and looking up then down at his hair.
Several men are lined up against a white wall on horses in a dark field of grass.
As they continue racing across the field,people in the crowd are shown watching the game.
Then he demonstrates how to pain the wood using a brush and roller.
A young lady in a red sweater appears in front of the screen and begins blow drying her hair.
Once she scrunches her hair up from blow drying,she then goes into deep detail about the assortment of brushes placed in front of her.
She reappears with wet hair,adds  oil to them and then uses the brushes to dry her hair into a perfect bob.
Several more runners take turns afterwards while looking around and their scores being shown.
The girl dives into the pool in front of her.
A girl is talking outside in her yard.
She engages in several different moves.
A woman stands in a circle.
The woman uses positive reinforcement over several days and is able to brush the dog with little fuss.
The woman cuddles and kisses the dog and credits roll.
A man talks to the camera while another stands beside him, with both standing behind a cricket wicket.
two polo players run across a field.
Several people are gathering and talking to the camera.
The people engage in a foot race.
A penalty kick starts the game and the Brazil teams jumps in joy because they are leading the game with a two to zero score.
During the game,several attempts are made at the goal but the goalie isn't able to stop all of them and Japan keeps losing.
However,the guy on the right is playing on a different beat than the rest of them because his sticks are still in the air when the other guy's are moving.
Tools and products are listed for "The Look".
Finally the man returns to give tips on hair styling.
She then moves her way along a set of monkey bars.
A man getting a haircut is overlaid with the words "Bobbys World AKA Mr Hundred Dollar Haircut".
A couple of women are fighting in a field.
They continue fighting quickly, kicking and boxing with each other.
A woman rolls up a towel.
She wraps it in red tissue paper.
She puts it into a gift bag.
Then they all go in the same direction as they go around a divider, make a U turn and then come back to where they started.
There are some people watching them with cameras in their hands.
A camera pans around a large field and leads into a man speaking.
The man is then shown performing exercise moves while speaking to the camera.
a man is mopping inside an airy building.
The floors shine as he moves the mop over the surface.
He continues mopping, making sure every inch is clean.
A girl is holding a bat.
A man is standing on a busy street.
He is talking to the camera in the daylight.
He shows off his large muscles as they talk.
They run down the track with a long pole.
A boy gives a lady something.
The boy walks away from a group of ladies revealing his navel as he swings his white, sleeveless undershirt side to side.
The lady rises and puts what the boy gave her in her pocket.
A cricket game is being played.
A man runs the bases, and then begins walking.
A naked man runs onto the field and is chased by several officials.
A replay is showed as the streaker is overtaken and forced to the ground by a player with a cricket bat.
The crowd cheers and takes pictures.
He begins doing a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
He dismounts and lands on a blue mat next to the beam.
A man in face paint is looking out a window.
A man is dealing cards at a black jack table.
The man in face paint walks backwards out of a door.
A man and a woman stand in a kitchen.
They put meat in a pan.
They then taste the food.
She continues spinning and holds herself up.
They are then shown laying down plaster and putting the metal on top.
She adjusts the settings on the bike while climbing on top.
A man is seen sitting on a horse in front of a large crowd.
The men then begin playing instruments while people walk in and out of frame.
She jumps, flipping several times on the way down.
A little girl is holding a stick.
People are sitting on the sand watching.
a snowboarder glides down a slope.
the snow boarder falls flat on his stomach.
The man leads her to a pinata and lifts it up in the air.
She hits it a few times then walks away in the end.
One is assisting the other one with her knitting.
Three men drop shoes on the ground and puts them on.
The fourth man talks to the camera while demonstrating how to wear and remove shoes.
A new man walks through the middle of the camera frame.
The black and white still image is shown again.
A black screen with scrolling white text is shown.
A man in the corner of the gym demonstrates how to perform the action.
The logo "Relative Strength Advantage" appears on screen.
A replay of the discus throw is shown.
None masked men vandalize an area while holding a captive.
A woman opens the blinds inside her house.
It is snowing heavily outside.
A young child is seen standing before a set of monkey bars.
He begins making his way across the monkey bars.
He makes it to the other side and jumps down next to another boy.
She then jumps off the side and lands on a mat with two others helping her off.
They are shown on several peices of equipment, moving quickly.
She takes out and shows off foam rollers.
She shows how to apply and remove the curlers.
a marching band is in the midle o street.
people on sidewalks are watching the parade.
She wraps a curler around her hair and attaches it to her head.
kids are playing hopscotch in an open area and peolpe are gathered around.
A man is shown talking on a stage.
He demonstrates how to make a salad for the audience.
It moves slowly through the currents as the person paddles.
The man with glasses is holding a woman's shoe.
a small boy is on a tire swing.
the boy smiles and laughs as he rides the tire swing.
Another white car drives by in the background.
She holds up various products and begins spraying down a chair.
She wipes down the chair with a rag and presents it in the end.
An older man and a young boy are sitting down in the living room playing with a pumpkin.
The little boy then sticks his hand inside of the Jack-o-lantern and scoops the seeds out of the inside.
Once complete,the screen goes dark and a candle is lit up while the pumping is put on top of it.
A woman shows how to wrap a gift by setting out the paper.
She tapes the package together and it looks pretty.
They each jump off the board head first.
Two men are standing outside a swimming pool.
One lifts another and then throws him into the water.
Three people are seen moving up and down on an exercise bar.
The continue to exercise together moving up and down.
A man is kneeling in his backyard.
He is talking about the tools in his hand.
He uses them to groom his hairy dog.
There some groups of people rafting in a red raft wearing yellow helmets and red vests in a river.
The rafter go down the river through the turbulent waves as they raft with rows in their hands.
Another group of people go rafting in their rafts through the rough river water as they try hard to stay afloat.
Another group of rafters go down the river while rowing through the swift and rapid waves of the river.
A video camera attached to a bus is recording as the bus rides along and opening credits are played.
A woman shows up on the camera playing a song on the piano.
People are sitting on the side watching the people play.
The people walk onto the mat and high five each other.
A man is seen bending down to the camera and a girl riding around on a board.
The people paddle along the water while looking around.
A man runs down a track with a javelin.
He holds the javelin over his shoulder, then throws it.
The javelin sails through the air as the man watches.
This woman is showing viewers how to french braid hair.
Next she combs the hair and divides a part of the hair into three sections and she does a french braid in the middle of the head, which causes the client in the chair to smile when she's done.
We see a title screen over the UK flag.
A man has dogs on a city street near a car.
We see the dogs run to the men and the interviewer plays with them again.
A view is seen of snow covered ground and people on the ice.
He then pulls a fish through the hole.
A girl mounts a low beam in a gym.
There's a gymnast dressed red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in an indoor gym with another gymnast, some judges and spectators.
He continues doing the hand springs and then does a hand stand for a few seconds.
a sandwich bun is being sliced open.
then ham is place on the bread.
Two people are wrestling on a mat.
A women is standing in a kitchen.
She is at a pot of noodles.
She adds vegetables and stirs it up.
She appears in a restaurant with a man as they sit down at a table.
She stands next to a man setting up a video camera.
She smokes a cigarette on a couch while speaking to a small group of people around her.
Two other men play drums and a keyboard in the background.
Two men are seen sitting down playing guitar with one another.
One man uses his hands and another uses tools to play.
a man is in front of a canvas.
the man then begins painting the canvas.
A person walks into frame speaking to the camera and holding up a box and various tools.
He uses a mallet to hit a ball against another ball.
The ingredients for a chocolate cake is displayed, then a person puts flour oil, eggs, milk in a bowl.
Next, the person take out the cake and put on a plate.
A countdown is shown that leads into clips of hockey players scoring goals.
More clips are shown as the number counts down and people play.
A man in a red shirt pours water over his head.
A couple of people are meeting inside a gym.
A girl interviews with the camera.
A lawn mower and other tools are seen when a man walks into frame.
The man then begins cutting the grass with a weedwacker along the sides.
A woman is putting blindfold to the other girl and rotate her several times.
As they walk,the woman begins smoking a cigarette and looking out into the city.
The younger girl then grabs her cigarette and starts smoking as well and looking around.
This woman is wearing a purple sports bra and blue panties as she runs and goes flying onto the beam.
Then another woman comes up and she is wearing black shorts and a shirt.
The two speak with one another that leads into more clips of sunscreen and people putting it on.
The woman and man finish by speaking more.
men are standing next to the pool taking off the wooden in the pool.
men are fixing he wooden from a hous in the rooftop and in the swimming pool.
The people hit the birdie all around the area and stop to shake hands with one another.
They walk around the field a bit while speaking to one another.
They dance in unison using flashing lights and props.
a boy is in a salon chair.
A boy is wearing boxing gloves practicing boxing.
Several people begin chopping vegetables.
He is then seen standing around.
He is using a hose on the side of a large truck.
A man is wearing a yellow vest and a mask.
He is holding onto a black hose.
They smile and gesture to the camera as well as continue paddling down the river and walking around.
A "Very Berry Professional Cleaning" logo and "Limescale on sink" appears on screen.
She sprays the scraped areas and wipes them down.
A man crouch looking and measuring at the stones on the floor.
girl start doing gymnastics in the balance beam in a competition in a roofed gym.
a lot of people are sitting on stands watchin the competition.
They finally get momentum and the kids go sliding down the long, wide and snowy hill, and various clips of other people are also shown riding down the hill.
A woman is shown sitting on a tube and looks like the camera is handed to her and the view changes from her point of view and shows her point going down the hill and anything she looks at.
girl is doing gymnastics in a balance beam in a roofed gym while people around her are practicing gymnastics too.
the woman is stretching on the floor and walking in a low balance beam with mats behind the beam.
They continue to demonstrate moves while looking to the camera.
man is in a backyard holding a paining pipe and painting the fence.
She starts to wipe a car with the rag.
As it moves,a little girl dressed in a floral dress begins taking several wack at the pinata but she isn't capable of breaking it.
A couple of men are kneeling on the floor.
They are removing carpeting from the wall and floor.
He looks at a machine and continues adjusting his pole.
He moves his pole around a bit and holds up a fish that he catches.
The man starts playing a flute on the stage.
Man puts a jack below the car.
A boy is wearing a pair of headphones.
He is riding a riding lawn mower.
man is slowly walking on a path.
two blonde kids are playing with a ball in a green grassy field.
A room is shown with a small rink and a bunch of adults going around in a small oval in bumper cars.
The behavior continues and then the ride finally stops and they get out.
the dog jumps toward the frisbee.
She plugs the iron in and turns the knob.
She starts ironing the shirt and hangs it on a hanger.
He drops the ball, then swings his bat.
old man is talking to the camera and showing different type of brushes.
They are engaged in a game of field hockey.
They run and celebrate when getting a goal.
She uses a brush to brush her long hair.
The screen changes to a still with text and logos of sponsors.
A person is seen riding in on a horse chasing a calf.
The lady jumps rope on the pavement.
The lady swings the rope to the side.
The credits of the clip are shown.
He begins to play the violin.
hockey players are sitting on the bank on a court side.
people are playing hockey on ice on a court.
team players are posing for a picture.
a woman is knelled down next to a vacuum cleaner.
A group of hockey players are on the ice in a gym.
The players fight over the puck, trying to get it into the goal.
There are large rocks in front of them in the water.
They go down a large water fall and two of the people fall out of their tube.
He gets up and walks back to the camera.
A close up of a wakeboard is shown and a woman puts on a lifejacket.
More people are seen sitting in the water and ride on the board behind the boat.
He fills it with streamers and toys.
He is demonstrating how things can be preserved inside it as a keepsake.
A man is seen sitting on a stair speaking to the camera.
A wall is shown and shows a woman walking into frame.
The woman splatters plaster on the wall and lays it out.
man is standing talking to the camera talking about caramel cookies.
th man put caramel betwee cookies and put the grated coconut.
The man smiles and looks around while performing.
The woman returns and she has a small wooden stool that she places near the larger bucket.
The woman is now standing under a clothes line and is hanging her largest piece of fabric followed by smaller pieces of fabric that she has washed.
When the woman is done hanging all the clothes the video goes back to color, the woman talks to the camera and a black screen appears with green lettering that say "I got three words for Ghana Invest In Appliances!:)".
A group of people are gathered in a yard.
He swings the bat several times, hitting a woman in the face.
A woman stands on a rocky shore with the words "Tai-ji-quan Forma de 10 ejercicios de estilo yang" overlaid on the screen.
band is in stage playing a song and dancing while people are watching them.
She tapes her hands with white tape.
She begins to work out in a boxing ring.
He attempts to dismount but falls instead.
A man disassembles a bicycle and baby stroller combination device to make the stroller standalone.
A website address is shown on a black background.
A group of young people perform sophisticated jump rope tricks in a gym.
Members are interviewed throughout the video.
A group of people clean cars at a car wash.
A person is interviewed about the process.
men are playing futsal in a roofed court annotating goals.
men are playing in a roofed gym.
He takes a drink of his water and spits it onto what he is ironing.
We see a man using a hose with fire.
He is applying a rubber layer to the roof of a house.
A man is standing and performing on a stage.
He is playing a small flute.
People are standing at the top of a hill.
A person is skiing down a hill of snow.
They get to the bottom of the hill and stop.
A woman is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
She laughs and continues to brush her teeth.
She then bends over and spits into a sink.
A black screen with the users name.
VHS video clips of two men appearing to be fencing.
The video continues with old fencing games recorded in grainy VHS.
A man is riding a recumbent bike in place.
They pretend the bike riding is controling the man who is mixing.
Two men are standing on a roof of a house.
Another man is kneeling down in front of him and hammers nails into the ceiling.
The people are in the water and a man ride his surfboard.
The man is surfing the water and jump off the surfboard while other people are in the water.
He is blowing leaves off his grass.
coach wearing black clothes is watching the game walking on sides.
women runs to the benches and gathered around the coach.
A man is wearing a red shirt.
Information about the roof is shown on screen.
The credits of a clip are shown.
The lady puts the mixture into a circular, baking pan.
The lady puts the pan into the oven.
The lady takes the pan out of the oven, and the dough mixture is browned.
The lady turns the baked product upside down.
He holds a large hose to spray the dishes with.
They aim their swords at one another.
They jump back and forth trying to make contact.
A close up of a pool table is shown that leads into a person hitting a ball.
They continue performing impressive shots are pool cues as well as a dog.
Teams begin to win and congratulate one another while receiving their trophies.
The camera changes angles and shows the opponent on the other side of the trampoline as well.
The little baby walks away from the hop scotch drawing and then she runs back and plays.
She has to keep trying over and over again because she keeps messing up.
But, after a while she gets it and is able to make it through the whole board even though she keeps running between two of them that are on the ground.
The couch is being shown then the camera moved to the face of the man.
They continue on the beach, riding the camels.
A white kitten is sleeping on the bed.
The man then demonstrates different moves on the line including jumping up an down on the slackline from different directions.
A newscaster is talking in front of a video screen.
The man helps the boy along the bars while still speaking.
the kid grab another bottle and a scuff remover.
The guy takes off running at an angle and is able to do a backwards jump over the six foot bar and clears it.
He then stops and talks to the camera.
He uses the equipment to do balance exercises.
A man and a male competes ping pong in a court, the man throws twice hard a ball than the male could not stop it.
Then, the man and the male change positions and continues playing, after the male loss a ball, the man serves the ball and wins the set.
After, the man loss several balls during the competition.
The man on the street is speaking as cars ride behind him.
We see children running through a fountain in a park and see kids interviewed while on the playground and playing in the fountain.
We see a lady hitting a volleyball and a lady and a kid walking at the beach.
A close up is seen of a bolt being removed with a screw driver.
A wheel is removed from a bicycle.
The person continues to check the specs on a bike and ends by laughing and speaking to the camera.
A close up of a pool table is shown when two people walk into frame.
The girls begin dancing together back and fourth.
The girls continue dancing and end by speaking to the camera.
She moves her hands around while still speaking to the camera.
The blue and gray guy are on a seesaw and the blue guy jumps at the gray guy.
The guys fall down stairs fighting and we see the subscribe screen.
He sits down again and does the Rubik's cube again.
A man is shown inside a bowling alley.
He walks up to the lane while holding a ball.
They are playing instruments together.
A man is video taping them.
Several bystanders pass by them.
a woman is then interviewed.
A tattooed man with tools appears and pierces her lower lip.
A silver and black GoPro camera appears along with the advertisement.
A young man pretends to kick another man in the crotch.
The action is repeated in slow motion.
She is using frisbees to train a dog.
A man is standing in a snow covered parking lot.
a man is shown zipping up his shirt and donning a hood.
When it is complete,the scoreboard is shown and a score of sixty three is shown in the bottom right corner of the board.
A woman leads a class held in a medical equipment classroom, in demonstrating different ways for a person to move or get up from the floor.
She watches tv while he continues to brush.
A woman reporter talks to a man about the surfer.
The crowd is cheering and wearing colorful outfits.
A man and woman are standing inside a building.
We then see the man run and throw the javelin on a dirt track.
The camera pans to follow the javelin we see it land and men in the distance run towards the javelin.
A boy is standing on the side of the pool watching.
One man jumps in the water while others stand around and watch.
The man then puts butter into a pan as well as bread and other ingredients.
Children play in a playground.
A close up of a tree is shown and leads into a woman pushing a baby on a swing.
The man makes a mark on her lip then pierces her lip.
He holds up a mirror and the two smile with each other.
Two people are seen playing badminton when one man speaks to the camera.
A man sat on a bench by the piano.
The man press the key on the piano.
The man started to play the piano with both of his hands.
Next, he repeats the same moves of lifting himself into the air and the video ends.
A man is playing a harmonica for the group.
Two males are in a room practicing for a racquetball championship,one of the guys stands in the front while the other positions himself in a squat and listens to the directions he is receiving.
The real practice then begins and the guys alternate back and forth between who will take the front and the back and starts to hit the ball.
He starts by filling in the receptacle with some tap water and closing the cap back on tight.
A chef is seen speaking to the camera and begins cutting up ingredients.
He cuts up several pieces of food using different knives.
He continues cutting up the ingredients and ends by showing off several knives.
Another boat appears, then we see people watching waves.
She is playing an accordian for the camera.
Two young boys are standing in the room with two tennis rackets in their hand surrounded by three white walls and a glass wall behind them.
A woman is riding on a pair of water skis in a lake.
She slides to one side, staying upright.
A man falls down in a room.
man is wearing stilts running in a race track in a large field.
A man is seen sitting on a swing next to a person in a wheel chair.
The man behind helps push the boy in the chair.
The two continue swinging as others watch on the side.
men are playing basket in a wooden court.
A woman is standing behind a table and talking.
woman is on a sidewalk cleaning a sneaker with a brush.
People are dancing together in a room.
They are kicking their legs up.
They stop dancing and the woman walks over to the camera.
While on the ground she grabs a resistance band, loops it around her arm and climbs back on the pull up bars.
The man wearing black once again forces the man wearing white off balance and scores .
He starts to demonstrate playing the bongos in a lesson.
He rubs down the chair with a rag as well as with a hose.
A playground is shown and leads into several clips of a boy playing on the playground.
The boy moves all around the playground while the man records him and plays with him.
man is standing in a park attaching the ropes on trees.
man is practicing Slacklining on rope.
The camera pans across a field with buildings in the distance.
clips and images of the girls in the blue blazers proceed to wash their hands in a sink.
The girls in the blue blazers show a sign language and say goodbye to the viewer.
A gymnast mounts a beam in front of him.
He spins and flips on the beam during his performance before dismounting.
A man stands in front of a bush.
He starts up a chainsaw.
He begins to trim the large hedge.
His score is shown and it says "Art Walker 54' 11' - American Record".
Several different men are shown doing the long jump and their names and medals.
There's are some young athletes standing in an open field talking about hurling as some players play the game.
There are two teams participating in hurling.
The players are warming up for the game as different contestants talk about the techniques used in hurling.
Four ballerinas are dancing and walking side by side of the sate.
The four ballerinas danced at the center of the stage then bow.
A woman is speaking inside a gym.
a score is is made and the players disburse.
The group are lined up then they throw the ladies up in the air, catched them and scattered around.
A man handed the cheer dancers pompoms and then danced and threw the pompoms away and continue to dance.
He is shown going forward, then in reverse.
He is then shown flying down the hill over grates for sensory input.
A woman prepares her jousting clothing and gear.
Both the body builders use all their force and concentration while they try to take the opponent down.
They continue using force as they pivot their elbows to push their opponent's arm in the opposite direction.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into people shooting bows and arrows.
The women hold onto cigarettes while speaking to one another and lighting the ends.
There are two still pictures that appear with bold white letters on the screen.
A woman then prepares the oil paints then she paints a picture on canvas with a paint brush.
The camera then zooms out of the sunset painting of hills and a small island during sunset.
A black screen appears with the woman's website in white letters and then fades to black.
A man wearing a beanie is inside a room.
He is talking in front of a disassembled bike.
He shows the different tools he needs to replace the chain.
the girl then swings around the bar performing splits and other tricks.
sliced in the hald and serve it on white plate.
The man in white shirt is standing and talking to the camera.
She continues cutting the claws on the cat.
Gradually darts begin to move into frame.
They use the axes to chop the wood as quickly as possible.
This is how your folding bike looks straight out of the box.
Unfolding the main frame by lifting bike up a little bit then unfold it close mechanism and wait for click sound to let you know its locked.
Pull up handle bars and set post to the right height for your body then you are ready to roll.
the man knells down to the wood.
a woman is using an elliptical.
several features of the elliptical is displayed.
They continue to play while looking off into the audience and ends by bowing.
A woman is seen pointing to her eyes and holds her eye open.
She squeezes out a contact lense and is shown again in slow motion.
The boy then begins swinging a bat at a pinata.
Another man is seen walking around him holding a razor.
The man inserts the coin into the table.
the man jams the coin mechanism with a knife.
The man smiles at the camera.
a lot of people are sitting on chairs watching the performance of the man.
two men are standing behind the man in stage.
A woman is throwing a red frisbee.
The woman kneels down to pick up a frisbee.
Finally in the end a man digs out debris from the machine.
People play professional field jockey competing in teams.
Several teams compete field jockey and scores in the goal.
A man stops the ball with the stick and a player hits it and scores.
Several teams scores when a player holds the ball with the stick and let a teammate score.
A man is crouching on the ground in front of a crowd.
The men perform tricks all around various areas while pointing to the camera.
Young children pretend to play shuffleboard on a large outdoor board, although the really just push the puck down the length.
They continue dancing with one another and end by laughing with one another.
They point to a pair of sneaks on a table and one woman mixes together ingredients.
The player ran after the other player.
They use a paddle to navigate the waters.
They continue to raft through rougher waters.
He then uses a rag to wipe the surface clean.
a gymnast uses a long pole to approach a vault.
He vaults onto the pole and into the air.
He goes over the bar several times, landing on the mat.
A man is seen bending down and laying tile on a floor.
The man carefully places the tile around plaster.
The woman pulls on the machine a second time.
The woman pulls on the machine a fourth time.
A man is kneeling down on a blue mat.
The water gets rockier as they go.
A man is wearing a wet suit in the ocean.
He lifts the sail up out of the water.
Man blow dries his long black hair.
He begins by aiming the ax directly on the tree bark that is already chopped close to the ground.
He then lifts his ax and brings it down with force, directly on the tree bark.
The men continue wrestling and throwing one another down while people watch on the side.
Materials to make a gift pack is shown.
A person cuts pink circles from craft paper, then the person folds the circles in half.
After, the person joins four circles to form a rectangle knotted with a ribbon.
A person is standing in the heavy falling snow.
the woman wash her hands takes out the lenses and holds a contact with her right hand and put it on the right eye.
then grab the other contac and do the same with the other eye and show the liquid.
woman is combing her large dark hair.
the woman is combing her hair in a room in front of a curtain watching to the camera.
He wipes the snow off the windows of a car.
He then gets into the car and drives away.
She continues cutting and pausing to speak to the camera.
the man then shows a woman how to start a left blowing machine.
they both begin cleaning their yard.
There's a young woman wearing a black shirt and white shorts mopping the kitchen floor tiles with a mop in her left hand and candy in her right hand.
Then as she dances on the wet floor, she loses balance and slips and falls down on the floor.
He throws the ball down the lane.
A person is seen pitching a ball and players high fiving and cheering.
The clips is shown again in slow motion.
bikers are on start and go in a competition.
the woman has red yawn and a needle in her lap.
Next, she explains how to use the lawnmower and other tools and then she cuts the grass.
He scores several goals into the nets at different games.
the interior of an RV is shown.
the man takes the rag and wipes down a mirror.
the swimmers take turns diving off the diving board.
Some children and a woman help too.
There is a fire going the whole time.
various knives are shown close up.
the boy takes the mallet and hammers small goal posts into the grass.
the boy then snaps his fingers and a his twin appears.
He continues playing and ends by dropping one.
He maintains his balance, then drops to the ground.
A person is seen riding into a pit on a horse.
The person swings a rope and grabs a calf.
He is cooking in several pots and skillets as he talks.
A woman is seen bending down and peeling paper off a mans back.
The woman continues tattooing the man and shows off the tattoo in the end.
A woman gives the name for paper in Korean.
A woman gives the name for scissors in Korean.
He sits on the ground next to a chimpanzee.
They drink and clink glasses together.
A woman and a man face each other inside a film strip drawing.
the man then begins doing sit ups.
A man wearing a grey shirt introduces a group of BMX riders and a BMX track.
The man wearing the grey shirt describes different techniques used in BMX competition while clips of BMX riders performing different moves.
As the man wearing the grey shirt speaks clips of BMX riders perform additional maneuvers on the track.
A pink screen appears with the word Glamour coming across it followed by a word across the screen.
After,a young woman with curly hair is shown sitting in a chair as a model as the hair stylist talks.
He then is engaged in a game of paintball with other men.
A black screen appears with pink letters explaining what the video is about and who is in it.
Gymnasts are at a gym showing how to tumble and flip.
A black screen appears with pink letters.
A person is riding a dirt bike.
The lady talks on a phone.
He picks up a beer bottle and takes a drink.
A person at a sink with green gloves on takes dishes out of a sink and puts them in a dish washer.
A cleanser is poured into the sink then the person scrubs the sink from side to side as well as cleaning the drain catch.
A women holds a bat in her hands.
A man is inside a racquetball court.
He is pretending to hit a ball against the wall.
This man is on his knees in the snow and he is pulling fish from a little hole using a string.
After a while he stops when he pulls the last fish from the hole and it's pretty big.
Two men dressed in protective gear and helmets are standing closely to one another talking, and one of the men has a paint gun in his hands and he's showing how he holds the gun as he talks and points to the paint gun area with all of the large cushions.
The video then goes into tennis and a tennis player explaining his technique.
There is text that appears on the screen describing various aspects of tennis, where it's played,the setup and rules.
A white screen appears and the Olympic logo is shown along with text for the year of that Olympics tournament followed by several screens with black text and a Youtube logo and the web address.
A female track athlete stands on the tracks.
She gets into a position, then runs.
She vaults over a pole onto a mat.
A man walks into a circle and moves his arms and legs around.
He spins himself around and throws an object off into the distance.
Several more people are shown afterwards throwing a discuss.
This woman is scrubbing the ice off the front car window.
Guitars are hanging on a wall of a shop.
A group of swimmers are in a public pool.
He holds up the bike while he talks about it.
The black cloth is removed and seven sumo are uncovered.
The sumo run through the neighborhood.
The sumo drink milk.
The sumo run on the beach.
A flock of birds fly in the sky.
The sumo jog with headlight bands on their forehead.
A vehicle appears directly where the sumo were sitting.
The vehicle moves on a road.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Several people are shown jumping up and down on the stilts past one another.
A game of foosball is in progress.
They kick with the figures and hit the ball back and forth.
a little girl is climbing on equipment at the playground.
She gets to the other end and stops.
The final result is shown on the screen.
A woman walks up to an elliptical.
She climbs onto it, using it to exercise.
A gymnast is seen standing with her arms up and jumps up onto a beam.
She begins performing a gymnastics routine on the beam.
woman is standing in front of a table with red boots and a toothbrush in front.
the woman grabs the toothbrush and cleans the heel.
man is cleaning a snowy path with a shovel.
Several views are shown of exercise equipment in a house.
A close up is shown of the digital screen.
A man wearing a baseball cap is playing dodge ball with a group of kids.
The man wearing a baseball cap is hit with a ball and is out from the girls team.
The girls team continue dodging the balls and tossing the ball at the boys team.
They dress up and go to see a gift wrapping expert, who teaches them how to wrap presents.
differente men are sitting on couches smoking hokaah.
men are doing tricks wih the smoke.
The men are then shown in several shots playing a game of volleyball and cheering with one another.
In the end one man puts on a jacket and walks away while speaking to another.
A couple of men are playing a game of table tennis.
He is standing in front of the fence talking.
He touches the fence and continues talking.
They continue to drive around and hit one another.
A person is spraying the dog with a hose.
The person is rubbing the dogs fur.
He then holds up an ax.
A man is seen standing in front of the camera and holding his arms out.
He begins moving back and fourth moving his body around.
A clock has a spinning hand around and around.
A man is skiing on a very tall mountain.
He continues to play the guitar and sing and ends by speaking to the camera.
A man in a suit is talking to the camera.
Two men shake hands and the audience claps.
The man moves toys to the side of the yard to clear the area.
A man is standing in his backyard.
He is using a large rake to rake the leaves.
people are standing talking to the camera in studio.
People are watching them in front of the stage.
A little girl is seen in several different poses.
They are doing several ballerina style moves and dances.
She shoots the bow even more.
a woman washes her hands in a bathroom sink.
the woman then sits in a living room and starts knitting.
An adult is shown watching the child.
The child dismounts from the monkey bars.
They are holding up axes.
They begin to rapidly chop stumps of wood on the ground.
A weight lifting tutorial is given.
The coach helps the guy in red with the proper body placement and lifting technique.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and pans out into more men standing behind him.
The camera pans around old cars under water as well as people in the area.
A small boy is playing by himself a he stands on a large square tile.
A man dressed in a blue shirt come running towards him and points out his finger, indicating to the boy to go there.
Then another little boy wearing a gray shirt comes to that tile and begins playing.
The other little boy moves away to another tile.
There are some man playing with small children on the lawn.
Cheerleaders are standing on the side of the road.
She lifts a barbell to her chest.
The guy reaches for a scissor and sits next to the cat.
A large kid playground slide is shown.
A woman is seen kneeling down next to a man.
Three scuba divers are seen moving along the water with one giving a thumbs up to the camera and the camera panning all around the ocean.
He stands up and yells at the man tattooing.
He walks out the door of the shop and walks down the street.
Two girls are outside in bathing suits cleaning the front of a green vehicle.
She comes back to rinse the vehicle and then holds it up to the girl's head and washes her hair.
A man is seen pushing a lawn mower across a lawn to cut the grass.
The men continue washing clothes next to one another while dipping them into a bucket.
A man is kneeling on the kitchen floor.
The camera is showing an arc welder in a shop.
The man sets the bar down and begins welding it again.
She continues speaking to him and has him watch her while she steps on the machine.
She rides the bike moving back and fourth speaking to the man and switches places with the man.
A guy exercises on a stationary bike.
The guy lets go of the handles and puts his hands to his side.
The lady talks and shows a bottle of olive oil.
A woman takes her shirt off.
She spread the mayo on the bread, put cheese, on the black cutting board, beside the knife is a tomato, she put the tomato on the bread, put the cheese in the plastic bag, shows the sandwich, placed the other side of the bread on top of the sandwich.
She moved to the stove, the black pan is on the stove, she put the butter using a bread knife, covered the kettle with foil, placed the bread on the pan and press it using the kettle with foil, she stood beside the stove while she waits, then turn over the bread, press the kettle with foil on it.
After, the boy walks away on the grass, while mother sits on a bench.
It pushes the leaves in the driveway out to the road.
He continues the pattern until the driveway is clean of debris.
A guy hold a shovel over his shoulder while recording himself.
the camera then spins in a circle.
the guy now scoops up some snow in the shovel picks it up then dumps it a couple of times.
the guy use the shovel to clean the snow of the top of his bushes.
The person pumps soap into their hands.
The person scrubs their hands thoroughly with the soap.
A young girl is seen standing before a counter peeling potatoes with a peeler.
Then, the man carves a devil face in the pumpkin.
Then, the woman puts a light inside the pumpkin and continues improving the carved pumpkin.
A woman is seen pumping water out of a machine while another wheel kneels down in front and washes clothes.
People are sitting behind a desk talking.
They start playing a game of curling.
The woman then gets on knees and sits backwards.
She looks forward while sitting up and does this several times while speaking to the camera.
He fills a cup with ice and pours all the ingredients into the glass.
He takes a spoon and stirs it up.
He takes out another glass and pours the drink into the new glass and places a straw into the drink.
A screen is shown playing video above a stage and leads into performers skating out on ice as well as hockey players behind them.
The men high five in celebration.
Four males,three teenagers and a young boy are outside in a back yard playing croquet.
A boy looks at a smart phone while pedaling a stationary bike, and other boys continue biking.
People are playing with a ball in the sand on the beach.
A man in a gray shirt is doing tricks on a slack line.
People are seen standing in front of a stage.
A man waves a white flag over the course.
The woman continues putting makeup on all over her face and ends by smiling to the camera.
A man is kneeling down on grass.
The man is wearing a yellow and red shirt.
The darts are all lined up in a neat row of three.
Several girls are in a big stadium on the field.
One girl hits a ball with a stick she is holding.
A man is climbing up the side of a tree, then jumps down.
Several people are shown doing long boarding stunts in the parking lots of a college.
A boy is shown standing in his dorm before we go back to scenes of long boarding outdoors.
We then see a  boy with a rake point to a tree.
The boy scratches his chin.
Then he attaches the front and back wheels to the bike.
People in wheel chairs dance with people standing in a studio.
A man is holding a violin and inspecting it.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy is removing the skin off a pumpkin.
The guy is carving unique face on the surface of pumpkins.
A guy takes a picture of his carving.
On one net, there are four player playing, on the other net there are two player playing.
The players chase the shuttlecock and hit it with their racket.
Scenes of different teams playing in a beach soccer tournament.
There's an orange belt and a yellow belt karate student doing some karate moves with batons in their hands.
After they leave, another karate student wearing a yellow belt comes on stage to perform her karate moves with a baton.
After she leaves the master comes on stage along with three other students.
They take turns to smash the board held by the master.
People are in the river in a boat rushing downstream as the water splashes them.
They take group selfies on dry land.
A man points out the directions to other riders.
Food is being cooked for the party and plated to the attendees.
The woman leads the camel around with the kids as they wave to the camera and let the kids off when they return back.
The camera comes back to the kids as they walk away from the area.
Several people watch him on the side while he demonstrates how to shoot and ends by shooting several balls at once and cheering.
A group of children descend from a hill behind a gated start place in a professional race.
A person is seek walking around knitting and leads into a woman hosting a news segment.
Many people are seen running around while knitting and leads into a clip of a man playing an instrument in a street corner.
We see men in rock climbing gear talking about climbing.
We see the man in the black shirt start climbing the rock.
We see the closing screens.
The ball is passed across the room and men chase it across the court.
The boy runs and shoots the ball to score.
A woman in white shirt is brushing the white dog's fur while the blow dry blows on its head while in the back, a woman is trimming the light brown dog's fur.
A man sitting on a bucket by some snow drinks a beer.
A person behind the pommel horse takes pictures to the gymnast.
The woman speaks and then rinses her face off and then dries her face with a towel.
When the woman's face is all dried she continues to talk.
A close up of lemonade is shown followed by a man standing behind a bar speaking to the camera with various ingredients.
The man then pours several liquids out into a glass, shakes it up, and then pours it into a glass with a lemon on top.
The man finishes by still speaking to the camera and presenting a picture of his drink.
One man holds up a block as the other is kicking and punching.
He then turns, and another man kicks and punches at the blocks.
An illustrated egg, the website "startcooking com" and "Vegetable Salad" are shown on screen.
Ingredients for the recipe are shown.
The finished salad is shown from above.
The persons scoops out the pumpkin and place the picture in front, tracing the outline of the picture onto the pumpkin.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a bottle of lotion and then spread it throughout a woman's hair.
He then brushes the hair and blow dries it while styling it into a certain look.
He finishes the cut and dry and the woman sees herself in the mirror.
The raft tips over and the people fall out several times.
A man and woman are seen hosting a segment and leads into several shots of a soccer match.
She applies make up to both of her eyes while still looking into the camera.
She then applies cover up makeup to her face.
A person is snowboarding down a hill of snow.
A man is in the snow with no shirt on.
A young child is seen sitting on a bar with another girl showing her teeth to the camera.
After,the woman continues painting the lower part of the gate.
They stop boxing and separate.
A girl holds up the start card.
The men start after the card and ride their dirt bikes.
A man falls off his bike hard.
A man is seen standing in the woods holding an ax and walking closer to a log.
The man steps on the log a bit followed by him swinging the ax on the log.
Other teams play ice jockey and a man get injured, then the team play and win.
The man throws the ball in the air and immediately hit the ball with the stick.
The woman then places the final touches of the remodel, such as covering outlets and putting plates on the table.
men are wearing together a costume and a man is helping them.
man is wearing headphones talking in a microphonr.
A shot of scenery is shown followed by a man walking on the rope.
Several more people are seen walking on the rope on the sunset.
The man fills a white bowl with food.
They fill a basket with hair products.
A person is skating on a tennis court.
They wind their feet in and out of mini cones as they go.
Several shots are shown of people performing jump roping tricks on a large stage in front of an audience.
There is a small dog standing next to the garbage can, but the camera turns so the dog isn't shown.
A matador got knocked down by a bull and the bull injured him.
Another matador helped him get away after he was gored in the neck.
Several other matadors came out and held up pink banners around the bull  then the bull fell to the ground.
The men put back the tires while the car is still running on one side.
The man lies down on the towel, lifts his bent legs and begins doing a lot of sit ups where he touches his elbows to his knees.
He then moves into a hand stand and jumps off the bar into the floor.
welder is holding a welding machine.
A group of people waterski in a body of water using a boat as propulsion in the water.
The man then puts on his gloves and dances a bit in the yard.
The man shovels the snow.
The man spins the shovel in the air dances and shovels again.
The man walks back into his garage.
We see the blue ending title screen.
A boat floats in the ocean and we see divers underwater and sealife.
A diver waves and gives a thumbs up and another waves to the camera.
A baby shark swims along the ocean floor.
People wave to the camera underwater.
We see the ending title screen.
Finally the table is complete and is shown again inside next to a dress while the woman finishes speaking.
The people walk down a beach and are seen swimming around in the water.
People are sitting in tubes on a river.
A man in a blue jacket is skiing down a hill.
He sets up a camera in the snow.
People are riding a ski lift up the mountain.
A black bull appears in a large rodeo ring.
Clowns taunt the bull into charging them and other items.
A couple of arm wrestlers are on a mat.
They lock arms and push hard.
They keep fighting until one of them wins.
They continue throwing the ball back and forth to one another.
The man begins to paddle the boat out into the water as the dog watches on from the side of the boat.
They then begin to move simultaneously together moving their legs and hands with fans in their right hands.
All of the girls continue to move stealthy doing numerous lunges and acts of a ninja.
A young girl wearing a purple leotard jumps on a balance beam and begins to do her routine.
As she continues,she does more jumps and the judges begin to make marks on their clip boards about her performance.
The girl in pink dress play the hop scotch, pause at the center and continue to hopped back to the start.
There's a large group of people in a band playing their instruments and dancing.
There's a small group of cheerleaders on the left who are also cheering.
The baton girl picks up 2 more batons and continues her routine while using all 3 batons.
The man continues to wipe down the shoe using various tools and spray and ends by presenting them.
A woman with tattoos is seen speaking to the camera while petting a cat and holding up a pair of nail clippers.
The woman then cuts the cat's nails while the cat struggles a bit and holds the cat up in the end.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy flips off a slack line and lands on his body.
A person does flips around the slack line.
A male smells something in a person hands while someone touches his shoulders.
An athlete flexes his guns.
A guy kisses his thigh.
A boy enjoys a soda at a restaurant.
The boy wipes off his mouth with his shirt sleeve.
A woman stands in a room.
She is wearing a blue polka dot dress.
She is playing a violin.
A large man is seen holding two cooking tools in his hand and spinning around food on a pan.
woman wearing a yellow shirt is on a courtroom playing raketball.
A man stands in front of a canvas holding a paint brush.
He then continues to clean the brush.
People making a circle play pipes in an event ma.
A close up of a machine is shown followed by a man speaking to the camera.
The man uses the tool around a living room while also cleaning out a vent.
Several people are seen swimming around a pool when a ball comes into frame.
The people continue to play with one another while throwing the ball back and fourth.
A boy bend to raise a weight until his shoulders to rest, and then raise the weight above his head.
A man wearing a chef's hat is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a completed cake made and various ingredients being poured into a bowl.
The man blends all the ingredients together and lays the dough out on a pan and adding more chocolate chips.
A shot of the giant cookie baked is shown and leads into the man holding it in front of the camera and eating it.
We switch and see them rip up and lay new carpet from another angle.
We see a man vacuuming the new carpet.
A boy shave his right leg with a shaver machine.
People drive bumper cars around a bumper car rink in an amusement park.
A red bumper car hits the outer wall and stalls out.
He inserts the needle, piercing his ear.
He then adds a tube, creating a gauge.
Once the gates are down  they are on the move riding through the course.
We see the man perform a flip with a title screen.
There is a close up of the hands.
He is dancing as he plays the sax.
The camera does an over head shot.
The player is finished playing.
We see them flip and turn sharply in the driven snow.
A man woman with long hair is seen poking at her cheeks and taking a puff out of a hookah.
She then blows smoke rings into the camera and looks down smiling.
Then he gets the hammer again and he hammers down the carpet so that it sticks in place.
They pull out another object after a day and continue moving around the yard.
He gets on his board and starts to skate all around the park looking pretty hip.
He seems like a young soul trying to stay fit enough to skate.
A man floats down a river.
His feet are propped up.
Two other  people are shown floating as well.
A woman gets her hair brushed combed brushed and styled by an unseen person's hands as a camera catches the process from difference angles.
People are standing in a shallow part of the body of water, and a guy falls into the water.
People take the inflated tires out of the water.
He shoots and makes a basket several times.
The little girl is standing closest to the hopscotch mat and she throws her toy onto the mat and then begins jumping until she meets the end of the mat then turns around and heads back to the point she started and her turn is over.
The little boy goes next and he throws the toy onto the mat and begins jumping to the end of the mat, then turns around and jumps back towards his starting point.
A man and child are sliding down a slide.
The both raise their hands in the air.
She puts her hands up to her mouth and continues playing while pausing every few moments to speak to the camera.
The man claims a mountain only using his fingers, and without carry any safety materials he reaches the top of the mountain.
Then, the man drives a car and arrives to a mountain.
After, the man climbs a mountain carrying a backpack, he arrives a plateau and prepares food to eat.
Next, the man continues climbing the steep mountain until the top of the mountain.
A picture of a red arrow is shown.
A picture of a person kneeling down on a roof holding a nail gun.
We see a man sitting on a bike in a room.
The people watching him all start to clap.
The young gymnast demonstrates an exercise called a back-bend move.
The young gymnast with the blue ribbon in her hair performs a back walkover and a front walkover and a forward roll.
He shoots at the net and scores.
A child is playing on a playground.
In the water,two boys begin treading water and staying in the same place.
There are two men standing outside talking one is shirtless and he goes to grab some hair clippers.
We see an opening title screen.
A man makes it over the pole and stands up and pumps his fists and we see the scores on the fence.
We see a red ending title screen.
The chef cuts the cake along the score lines and the finished cake is seen in pieces.
A group of girls are on a sandy beach.
He walks up to a large weight and picks it up over his head.
He drops the weight and walks away to hug people watching.
The girl bends down and ties the ballerina shoes.
The girl presents her tied ballerina shoes to the camera.
A toothbrush appears on screen while brushing a set of false teeth, the words "Modified Bass" are overlaid.
The man talks while the woman brushes her teeth.
The man continues to talk while the woman brushes her teeth.
A video subscribe screen appears for Coma Niddy.
The white logo "PBS|digital studios" appears on a black screen.
We see a lady petting a horse and talking.
She takes a comb and brush and brushes the horses tail.
A large waterfall is shown on a rapid river.
He throws the ball in the air.
It shows a replay of the man throwing the ball.
The track is shown in full view.
A man throws a ball down an ice rink.
A man in a red shirt is talking to the camera.
An athlete is seen beginning to lift a heavy bar over his shoulders while moving in slow motion.
The man continues to lift the bar over his head while jumping an finally throwing it down in the end.
A few people take turns at varying heights and all are successful.
The men ride along the city while several people on bikes ride around and the camera pans over people in the city.
More shots of the city are shown as well as a large group of people indoors and outdoors.
men and women are standing in a dock playing drums.
The girl runs product through her hair and leads into her brushing her hair and spraying in more product.
The man puts a jack down and unscrews the tire taking it off.
The woman paints flower petals onto the painting.
Two men are sitting at the table with their arms positioned to arm wrestle.
The young men are holding each other's hands as they arm wrestle each other.
An older man wearing glasses and headphones is seen playing a set of bongo drums while closes his eyes to concentrate.
A boy in a hat pretends to be a girl.
The boy almost hits a tree in the tractor.
The boy in orange rides past a kneeling boy.
The boy is doing home work and stands on the tractor.
We see a game screen and toy tractor.
The three boys dance around the tractor.
All three boys pause and rap together.
A slow motion video of one of the vaults is shown.
The vault is repeated in slow motion.
The bikers take a huge leap and jump over the obstacle and land on the other side of the race track.
One last man hopes his way down and the woman takes one more turn.
A large group of women are standing in a dance room with walled mirrors, wooden floors and red words appear on the screen that say "En Sus Marcas Listos Fuera Daddy Yankee".
One woman wearing a pink and black top jumps to the front of the group near the mirror and she quickly begins to dance as the women behind her follow her every move as best as they can.
A new group of women are shown and the same woman is leading but she's now wearing a yellow and black top as she does her routine and when she's done the screen fades to white.
Another group of men forms across from them taking the same position next to the rope on the ground.
A woman leads an exercise class in an elaborate dance routine.
The woman completes dances straight into the camera, at a profile and also uses elaborate arm and leg movements spanning the distance of the floor in the routine.
After a while the man lifts the barbell to he neck, then jumps and bends his legs at the same time putting the barbell above his head, then he throws the barbell to the ground.
A photo album with the words "Blow Drying My Hair" appear.
She finishes by checking and comparing the length of her hair to previous years.
She then demonstrates how to make the braid.
The ball is hit and another catches the ball and throws it back.
Several more shots of people playing are shown as well a team members watching and laughing on the side.
A close up is shown of an old star wars poster.
A toy is shown, also from the movie.
A young man begins playing the saxophone into a microphone.
The baby laughs and smiles as she swings.
A bartender explains and shows how to prepare exotic alcoholic drinks in glasses using alcohol and juice.
Then, the bartender takes a cup and prepares a cocktail in a shaker, then he pours it in the cup.
The man begins to play and the camera continues to zoom in on his fingers that are playing the bottom keys.
A man takes picture to the blindfold woman.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by shots of a person riding a kayak as well as sitting on a dock and climbing into a kayak.
The cake is finally finished,and the man begins talking and picks up the cake to show the final product.
Several pictures are shown of kids decorating pumpkins that lead into video of a small boy drawing on a pumpkin and a cat sniffing the object.
A gymnast runs but he do not jump, only walk in the sand box.
Then, the athlete jumps happy and raise his hands in sign of victory, he holds a flag and runs while greet people.
A woman is on a field with an archery set.
Announcers talk as she gets closer to the bullseye.
She hits very close to the center, and a fellow player gives her a thumbs up.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment with several bottles of sun screen laid out in front of her.
Various shots shots are shown of people on the beach putting sun screen on and a skin doctor speaking to the camera.
Several people walk onto a field where they are preparing for a game of tug of war.
The man then lifts himself up above the bars and then jumps back down.
He lays down on his back and does crunches.
He stands back up and continues talking.
He then begins to rub the frame with a blue rag.
As he does this he explains his methods.
Using the same rag he moves to the other pane to clean the frame.
Finally, he ends by scrubbing the bottom right corner of the door.
The top of a woman's head is seen.
He turns next to him and shakes the hand of a man in a suit.
a woman is on a high beam.
She flips forward and backward multiple times as her trainer and other girls watch.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis racket.
A man is sitting outside of a wall playing what looks like a miniature piano attached to a bag with his case out for money as a crowd of people surround him to watch.
A man is pouring water into a white bucket.
He dips a towel into the bucket and starts washing the car.
A woman is swinging an ax at a tree stump.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads to her holding up mouth wash and then swishing it around her mouth.
A chef is seen speaking to the camera behind a kitchen counter and leads into him cutting up lettuce and pouring ingredients out into a bowl.
The man presents more food items on a plate as well as a bowl sitting next to it.
A man does a back flip on a basketball court.
A man opens an icy car door and snow falls off.
The man opens and closes the door a couple of times.
A young woman is seen standing behind a netting area with a swing in her hand and moving in slow motion.
A man is laying on his back lifting a large weight over his body.
A man pushes a toddler in a swing.
A boy jumps knelled behind the toddler.
The instructor then comes to talk briefly before continuing on coaching the girls.
Three kids are at the table, the little girl at the center is mixing the bowl while dancing.
The girls are adding ingredients in the bowl and then mixing the ingredients at the same time.
The kids wiped the platter, the adult put the batter in the oven and then took it out then the kids added decorations on the cake.
A man applies plaster to the ceiling with tools while two others work at other tasks in the background.
A closeup of the ceiling section is shown while the man gets more plaster.
The man resumes plastering the ceiling.
The first man stops plastering and responds to the second man.
The first man stops plastering and talks to the second man some more.
An athletic man by the name of DAVID DURANTE chalks his hands, walks toward his ramp, raises his right arm, walks onto the ramp, raises both arms, then jumps onto the double ropes while the person behind him pulls the ramp away as soon as he jumps.
men are fighting bulls on a field.
A small child and a large man arm wrestle in front of a crowd.
The audience cheers the small child.
The video leads into clips of two people performing martial arts to one another while a group of people watch and clap.
Then he gives other helpful tips of how to put the wallpaper onto the wall and he smoothens it out.
People in boats are on more calm waters.
He is wearing a cape and looking into a mirror.
The man is then shown playing on a small organ with a microphone attached to it.
The camera then moves to capture the vacancy of the room and the man is shown playing the flute.
This woman is twirling her baton and doing cartwheels and such, trying to persuade how baton is a sport.
She uses the trainer from multiple angels, pushing and pulling while pedaling.
The video continues with several more amazing soccer moves being shown with players high fiving and cheering in the end.
He blends them up together and takes a drink afterwards.
Judges score her performance from the sidelines.
A person puts their finger in front of the camera and there are people walking around.
Then they stop and people are shown sitting in the grass talking to each other and doing other things.
A young man is standing bent over on a grassy field.
The man hits a croquet ball with a mallet and it strikes a wooden stick.
The man celebrates by repeatedly raising his hands in victory.
A brown rabbit with a white belly is sitting on the ground and grooming itself while licking its right side.
Chocolate is added to the mix.
A liquid is also added to it.
He gets a hammer and begins to nail it in place and then he cuts off the excess.
He lays down a new shingle to replace it over the metal piece he previously nailed in.
A foosball table is on a tiled floor.
The ball is knocked in a the goal on a foosball table.
A man in a kilt walks across a stage playing the bagpipe.
The man finishes and raises his hand in the air and walks off the stage.
A woman is standing outdoors with an accordion keyboard and pushes her sunglasses up.
The woman then begins to play the accordion while swaying back and forth while an older man with a cigarette in his mouth is standing close to her watching and smiling.
A man is seen standing in front of a group of people.
The group continues to sing with one another while others watch on the side.
A cheerleading team in teal, navy and white dance around a field in front of several girls and red and in pink tank tops.
After milling around for a few minutes in a couple of clusters and talking with each other, they get into formation and do some of their routines.
They hug and congratulate each other on a job well-done and acknowledge the girls seated waiting in their tank tops, and seem to get into another formation.
We see a rowing machine in a exercise room.
We see a lady push buttons on  the display of the machine.
A lady adjusts he paddle and straps her foot in.
We see a lady put the machine away.
She examines the parts of the dryer and shows off hair product.
We see a colorful title shot.
We see the closing title on two screens.
A camera pans around a wooden floor and shows a person walking downstairs.
A young Asian girl is kneeling down in the sand packing it with her hand into the container.
She then flips her toy over and makes a sand castle.
She finishes the rubix cube and presents it to the camera.
The boy smiles and heads towards the ball.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Individuals slide down the snow with inflated tires.
A young man talks next a small tree in a squatting position.
Then, the man raise the toddler by the hands and throw her to the water.
Once finished,the bowl is placed over and it and the glad begins to cut onions and green peppers in the bowl.
Someone has given her a phone and the lady is talking on the phone while placing the contents in the bowl.
A woman sits in her blue boat.
The woman begins accelerating her boat through the waters.
Again, the woman tugs on the rope.
For a final time, the woman tugs on the rope in her boat.
The woman accelerates her boat one last time.
Then, the woman runs and spins four times, and dive in the water.
After, the woman stands backwards and stand on her hands and then spins four times.
A man and woman are spinning as they dance in a living room.
The man does jumps and flips with the dog while still throwing the frisbee.
The man continues to throw the object around with the dog jumping on him in the end.
cake mix in bowl with water and oil and eggs and is mixed till moistened and is divided in bowls and poured into pan and in the oven.
when is ready is combined with frost and candies on top.
Once he's going fast enough he stands up and then squats again, he seems to have a technique that works for him.
A dance team dressed in black with pink letters shows a routine put to reggae music.
After the song is over the group of winded ladies disbands from the formation.
A man holds a harmonica up to the camera in a close up shot and then begins to play using both hands to cover the harmonica while he plays.
The man continues to play the harmonica, moving back and forth and side to side and emoting with his eyebrows while playing.
The man then begins playing again before stopping and talking to the camera one last time.
A camera shows a rough lake and landscapes as well as people off in the distance and a man giving the camera a thumbs up.
The scuba divers continue to swim as the view of colorful corals are being shown.
People are walking around on the snow.
People are going down the hill of snow in tubes.
A person is seen riding down a hill on a skateboard with another person following behind.
More clips are shown of people riding down a hill on skateboards as well as luging with others.
A dawn scene is shown as two people walk down the road.
There is a building made of bricks, and a man with an array of predecorated pumpkins.
An underside of a canoe and paddle is shown.
The man drinks and eats in the canoe, then continues down river.
A young woman in a black shirt and jean pants is sitting on the back of a grey horse with a long grey mane in the middle of a large grassy field with hills behind them.
As they return to their original spot,you can see the water washing up against the land and they continue back up the hill.
The child falls into the water but gets back on the guy's lap.
A young girl and boy are washing dishes in a kitchen.
The mother leaves the room.
the mother enters and adds some dishes from the rack back into the sink to be rinsed again and shows the boy what was wrong with the pot.
The woman crush dates in a blender, then adds wet ingredients and oil and mix.
Then, the woman takes out the dough and makes dough balls and puts chocolate chips inside.
A man plays with her hair.
The camera blurs on the girls face.
Then, the man advance with the ball and shoot it in the basket.
The lady switches to the other side of the car.
We see the man's face as he sits in the car.
The men are positioned on the field and a man hits a ball and and all the men start running on the field.
A woman exercise on elliptical machines that are comfortable.
The elliptical machine has a board to program the exercises.
Then, a man moves an elliptical machine, and an old woman fix the top of the woman.
Several people are on bikes in a room.
They keep peddling the whole time.
We see a girl walking slowly with a shuffleboard pole and pushing a puck.
the lady gets to the blue line and pushes the puck.
He is playing the guitar through a microphone located in front of him.
A cooler is seen sitting in the middle as the man continues speaking and the camera pans around the water.
An intro leads into several shots of various men performing martial arts flips.
The words skate like a pro are shown at the bottom.
A young girl is seen bending forward with another child standing right behind her holding a net.
A man named Russ is standing in a shop called Out-N-Back Bicycle Specialist and is holding a tire as he talks.
When the man is done he holds the tire upright and continues to talk.
Some kids and some dogs stand buy and watch.
A person is seen playing an accordion on a busy street while many people walk around him and watch.
The man continues to play the instrument and ends by stopping to laugh and smile at others.
People ride the horses in the water along the shore.
A horse defecates in the water.
People form a line with the horses while riding in the ocean.
The camel has a leaf in his nostril.
A girl gets down from the camel.
The girl walks underneath the camel.
A person throws a frisbee and the dog runs to get it.
Then, the man throws the frisbee and the dog runs to get it.
After, the man holds up the frisbee and the dogs stands in two legs.
After, the dog pass between the legs of the person.
Next, the person holds a frisbee high and the dog jumps to get the frisbee.
A large group of people are seen playing a soccer match on a large beach while the camera moves closer to watch them play.
The woman stands up from a chair and her hair flows over the backrest.
People are riding camels in a desert area.
A large group of people are standing around followed by two hugging and speaking to the camera.
Two young men drive in a truck down a rural road.
The credits for the clip is shown.
A female styles her long, dark hair.
Female tosses her hair and uses her fingers to play with her hair.
The female parts her hair and puts some in a ponytail.
The female cuts her hair after the clamp.
The female removes the clamp.
The female removes the ponytail band and uses her hands to style her hair.
When they're done dancing they depart and everyone watching begins clapping.
The woman then waves her arms carelessly under the water and rubs her hands on her shirt to dry.
He has a stepping mat in front of him and begins walking left to right going up and down on the step as he moves.
Two women are standing flying kites with another young man on a street and they are really happy.
Another young boy in a blue shirt walks by the crowd and leans and watches the three.
An image is blurry and clears to show men riding horses.
We see the image multiples and see spectators.
We see the lady recording as she sits in her car and a player takes off his hat and sits in a chair before we see the game again.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of people speaking to one another.
A person is then seen riding behind a car on a snowboard while others drive up to speak to him and record his time.
They try to win the game, hitting the ball toward the opponent's goal.
A child is seen pushing a lawn mower along the side of a lawn while looking and laughing the camera.
Next, the youth peels off the wax paper and shows the hair in the paper.
The teen shows his leg making pain gestures on his face.
The video leads into several shots of people throwing bowling balls down a lane and hitting numerous pins.
Two animals are seen on the ground followed by a cat and dog.
A cat is shown carrying a leash in it's mouth with a dog following close behind.
A man swings a ball on a chain around his body and throws it behind him.
A group of four people are playing volleyball outdoors.
They are shown in slow motion as they lob the ball back and forth.
The speed increases as the game continues.
The woman is standing at the counter.
Two men stand and discuss in a gym with weight racks.
We see a landscape in the desert.
We see a man talking.
We see the climber from a distance.
We see the man from a distance and as he reaches the top.
We see the man talking and hug his dog.
We then see the ending screen again.
A man is seen speaking to a camera and leads into video surveillance of two men walking into a store then driving away.
One last man is seen holding a pack of cigarettes and speaking to the camera.
A close up of a poker table is seen with people sitting around the sides and speaking to one anther.
The man is seen playing with the others and putting his cars in the middle.
a cesar salad is eady and its served in a bowl.
the man put the dressing on the lettuces and add the croutons in the bowl and mix them all together.
A large group of people are seen standing around a gymnasium that leads into several clips of people throwing balls to one another.
A woman in a blue shirt stands outside in the hallway.
The two men hit the ball back and forth.
They go back and forth till the ball drops again 1:10.
man is walking by a halfway and puth the courtains in the wall by the window.
Men in jerseys bent down on the field trying to figure out a play.
They are conversing about what the next move is going to be.
The coaches are standing by talking to the player explaining.
Mean while two players in the back play rock paper scissors.
The camera pans around and back to the monkey who is now sitting on the branch.
They begin white water rafting.
We see  two young people playing shuffle board on the deck of a cruise ship.
The camera turns on it's side then straight.
The little girl holding the camera speaks to the camera.
A black screen appears and the white words THE MIKAN DRILL are displayed and the man continues to talk and then demonstrates exactly how to do various Mikan Drills.
The man then grabs a second ball and continues to demonstrate advanced Mikan Drills with both balls.
A woman is holding a contact lens in her hand.
She puts the contact lens in her eyes.
Several kids are outside of their school and they jump up with joy and the title of their school is then shown.
The video then begins by showing the steps to hopscotch and a boy begins drawing boxes and adding numbers up to the number 8.
He shaves his leg while the sink water runs then a girl touches the shaved area of his leg.
One person gets pushed off of the boat, but the others keep going.
There is a boy cooking food over fire, one boy is peeling potatoes, and other things are happening.
We see the man pouring into dish.
They walk down a city street together.
We see the record screen and the man picking up poo.
The man asks another man how many dogs he has.
The woman picks up an ornament.
The man is shown speaking with his shirt on and off while rubbing sun screen into his skin and wiping his face with a towel.
The dog watches the person and leaves the room momentarily.
The stands on its hind legs to reach the mug and drink the liquid in it.
The man misses a bar and falls.
The man puts more chalk on his hands.
A little boy is holding a tube of toothpaste.
His mom helps him put it on his toothbrush.
The boy then uses the brush to brush his teeth.
A man crumples up paper and puts sticks in a fire pit.
He lights the paper and blows on the fire.
More people are seen riding down a snowy hill on tubes as well as laughing into the camera.
More children play on the hill and pull one another along down the mountain.
The action figure taking hold is able to drop the action figure to the ground.
Two women are seen standing behind a counter with holding a book and speaking to the camera.
The skiers traverse down a back country run through trees.
The skiers cut back and fourth down a steep ski slope hill.
The family of skiers makes it to the bottom of the slope and congratulate each other.
The video continues on with several people walking up a hill.
Several women are seen speaking to the camera leading into clips of them playing volleyball.
The girls continue playing on while men watch on the sidelines and the women cheer into the camera.
Another person is seen standing behind while they push the pucks along the board.
People are playing the game fencing.
The girl threw several frisbees and the dog chase after them.
Another man then comes along and attempts the weight and struggles at first but then gets it in the air before he drops it.
The same male then lifts the bar four times and is successful at each attempt.
Various people are seen standing around a pit when one rides in on a bull and kicks him off.
More people ride in on horses an the camera moves around quickly and changes to pictures of the bull.
More shots of people riding bulls and being thrown are shown as well as pictures of people running around bulls and a picture of a man holding a prize.
More shots are shown of people drinking coffee in various setting including at the dinner table and at the office.
People throw a ball to other players in the field.
Another man explains while people where people plays in the field.
A player hit a ball while other try to catch the ball.
A man wearing Asian clothes holds a small rod and perform Tai Chi movements with his hands.
First the man tells viewers to make the elbow sharp as possible and his hand stays inwards, elbow downwards, and his opposite hand is up.
Next, he turns his legs and he continues to do the same thing.
He rides quickly past several buildings and landmarks, performing stunts and going down hills.
When he is done, he sits down to eat lunch with friends.
Two teams prepare to play a hurling match.
Highlights are shown and the crowd cheers a lot.
People are in the pool swimming.
Several girls are on a court.
Several people on dirt bikes explode out of a gate.
They begin racing around a dirt track, jumping hills and competing for first place.
The woman picked up the barbell pause at her chest and then push the barbell up.
a junior cheerleader team are standing in sage in middle of court doing a choreography .
People are standing on the beach in front of the buildings.
The boy switches stance to play the drums behind him.
A close up of a car is seen following by a person walking into frame.
He uses the scraper all along the car and ends by putting it in the back and turning off the camera.
He then hits the volleyball over the net a few times.
A blonde boy in a bumper car smile happily.
A young girl washes dishes in the sink.
A child cleans a bottle with a cloth, then spray the sink with a liquid and clean it toughly.
Two kids are swinging next to each other on a swing set.
A red building is shown behind them.
They are a bride and groom, the bride ornately dressed as they perform their first dance amongst smoke and sparklers before their guests.
The girl jumped and walked at the playground.
A lemonade drink is displayed on a counter.
He cuts the lemon into small pieces.
Water is poured into the glass.
The man covers the glass with a red cover.
The man shakes the glass.
A female athlete prepares to run.
A man standing at the table, he is showing the vaseline, a block of bronze or metal and a wooden brush.
The man and his dog left the block on top of the table/cabinet.
There is a cute baby girl who's name is Jessica and she is swinging on a little baby swing right in the garden near her house.
He jumps off and lands on a mat.
Several people are lined up on bicycles waiting to start a race.
She pours it out and rinses her cup.
Several clips are shown of soccer players performing moves and a man speaking to the camera.
A taller and shorter man are standing in a track field dressed in sports clothes and talking to the camera.
The same action is then shown from several different cameras.
They run back and forth, and the loser has to run.
A man with long hair is seen looking at the camera and begins brushing his hair.
The man turns around to finish brushing his hair and ends by waving to the camera.
The lady in black is lifts up the dog's ears as she continues to shear the dog's fur.
The two finally begin and he whisks the chocolate in a bowl as she cracks eggs and eat strawberries.
She finally sits down and a cake appears in front of her with a large fire work like candle in the middle.
He jumps to the top and gives a thumbs up.
He stands at the bottom and talks to the camera.
The person then moves back and fourth on the machine while rowing his arms back and fourth.
A helicoptor flies over a canyon, then we see people gearing up in the wilderness.
They carry kayaks to the waterfall.
A camera then shows a large group of people running and the camera panning around the man.
We see the drawing from ground level as it is covered with paint.
After,he beings to apply it down on the floor until it is covered.
Next,a screen appears and a list of items needed is shown.
The man then comes back with a small pad with colors of it and he compares it to the chart before he continues laying down the tile.
A middle age woman is sitting in a classroom trying to solve a Rubik's cube.
The man does a trick and lands with one foot on the board.
Several still images of the trimmer are shown along with a marketing graphic.
A woman is seated at a table with a shoe, cloth, bowl and baking soda.
She picks up the shoe, and explains how to clean it using the products.
She wipes it with the cloth, then mixes baking soda and water into the bowl.
A man in a green t-shirt talks to the camera while standing next to a rock climbing wall interspersed with still shots of the wall and the wall elements (ropes, labels).
A person touch with the sword on the right arm of the player, then they continue fencing.
The player touches the chest of the person and the players continue fencing.
The fencers touch each other with the swards.
The man cuts tulle and sticks it in the tree.
We then see the ending credits.
We see a man in a kitchen making lemon juice.
The man then slices a lemon in slices and takes out the seeds.
The man pours the juice into a pitcher and pours something else and stirs the pitcher.
A large group of people are then seen holding and putting on wet suits and putting on life jackets while cheering with each other.
A man in a raft speaks to them and the people practice riding in the rafts while laughing.
They are then seen riding down the rough rivers and holding their sticks into the air.
A man wearing a medal is waving at the audience.
A man throws a ball and people on the field measure the distance.
A close up of hands on a horse is shown while riding in an area full of cars.
A man is lifting weights in a weight room, pulling a large barbell up to his chest.
He drops the barbell hard onto the ground.
The people continue spinning and dancing with one another and more people speak on the side.
A woman is sitting down on a chair.
A man comes up in front of her and stares at her breasts.
Another man sits down and stares at her breasts.
We see an image of a lady covered in ice cream.
A girl sitting in a chair is covered in red goo and melted ice cream and whipped cream.
The women continue speaking to one another while smoking and looking deep into the camera.
Lights are shown on the tree as people continue to move in and out of frame.
Two girls are sailing on a lake.
A group of men and boys are playing a foosball game at a table in a building.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up tools and another woman standing behind her brushing a horse.
A person close to the woman walk next to her.
More shots are shown of seeds cooking in an oven and people carving out pumpkins on the floor.
In the end the pumpkins are shown in the dark.
A woman carry a bucket with soapy water.
A dog is inside a black car.
After, the woman shows his old face.
a man is on a canoe in the river holding a paddle.
man fall out of the canoe and a serie of pictures of the man in the water are shown.
The man continues jumping up and down with the rope moving all around the area and ends by fading to black.
He pushes it far across the lawn, then turns.
He continues mowing for the entire video.
A young man talks, and then two teams play indoor soccer.
Then, the young man talks and then plays with a yellow ball and scores, while a person stand next to him.
The teams continue playing indoor soccer.
Two teams play indoor soccer.
A man with a white hat on is sitting in a kayak.
A kayak flips over and the man goes into the water.
Many leaves lay in a driveway.
A leafblower blows them around.
The leaves line a fence.
Eventually most of the leaves are moved.
A person walking into frame sitting in a chair and knitting using yarn.
Children play a game of table soccer in teams of two.
A goal is scored across the table by a defensive figurine player.
The losing team finally scores a goal and celebrates.
A large group of people are seen riding up a snowy hill while waving to the camera and riding down the mountain.
He pours oil on top of the pasta.
A news man is talking inside a news room.
We then see a game of volleyball taking place.
woman keeps grooming the dog and combing his hair.
She begins to teach him while the man gallops up and down the rug.
The men backstage are again shown laughing and clapping.
She dips paper into a black bucket and presses it onto the back of the shelves.
She continues rubbing the paper to stick to the wall.
A man in a green shirt smokes a cigarette and blows the smoke on an animal attached to a window.
The animal drops the cigarette.
A scuba diver is seen under the water, swimming.
A man is sitting at a chair inside of his home all by his lonesome.
He has a harmonica in his hand which he begins to play a song on.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding up a hair dryer.
She pulls down her shirt and then blow dries around her shirt followed by moving her hands up and down.
The men continue to ride around while the camera captures their movements and they stop to talk.
A calico cat is seen sitting on a white sheet.
A woman on the man's other side is also eating ice cream with her hands.
They are picking up shingles that are being removed.
The lady in stripes shirt reach for the girl in white shirt.
Another man in a white hat talks.
A bull comes into the arena and tries to attack the clowns.
The people play volleyball on the beach.
The man in green picks up the ball.
The man serves the ball again.
They then open a box of brownies,dumps the contents of in a bowl and get an egg out of the fridge.
Once the cookies are in the oven,the two girls sit in front of the oven and watch the cookies bake.
A gymnast jumps off of a board to do a bar routine.
He does a couple of back flips on his dismount and lands on the mat.
They start to show where is the best place to stand to hit it back, and what the footwork should be.
They are playing inside of a marked area in the shape of a square with a few lines.
A man is standing with his legs apart and is holding a sprayer in his right hand and spraying a dresser with many drawers as a man walks past him and looks at what he's doing.
The man brings his legs closer together while still spraying and he begins closing the drawers.
The dresser the man is spraying is on a moving platform that is on wheels.
Then another screen appears with a computer screen and along side it encouraging words to visit two websites.
Then another screen appears with the name of the company.
A lady is riding an elliptical machine in a gym.
He then runs down a long track and throws the pole off into the distance.
He then moves himself backwards while still moving down the hill and speaking to the camera.
A woman sands the piece of lumber.
Two teams play a game of beach soccer.
A goal is scored from far away on the opposite side of the field.
A man scores with a bicycle kick.
Two women are sitting behind a table covered in manicure items.
The boy in blue shirt and the athlete threw the stick in different occasion.
An intro leads into two men fencing back and fourth with one another and pausing in between to take breaks.
We see people running down the street in a marathon.
A person demonstrates how to unclog a sink using a bristle brush.
The stopper in the bottom of the sink goes up and down as the bristle continues to hover over the sink.
people are in snowslides going down a snowy hill.
They take turns until all three have jumped across.
A person is seen riding down a snowy hill on a set of skis while a cameraman follows from behind.
A rodeo clown is running from a bull.
She begins to part the woman's hair and then gives the information of the products that you would need in order to do it.
She adds gel and begins to start braiding the hair.
Once she has more or less finished braiding her hair she talks about the process she did on the woman.
She then gets up and begins traveling in the water while holding on to a bar attached to a rope.
Two people are throwing a frisbee for the dog.
He then swings back and forth.
After,she turns around to show that she is starting another braid in the front all the way to the back.
Both braids are complete and she clips them both up with a bobby pin.
A man walks up to parallel bars while spectators, competitors, and officials are in the background.
Three people are seen standing together in a room and begin dancing around together in motion.
"Reversehook Productions" appears on screen with copyright information.
The other boy body slams him onto a mat.
He begins running on the track field, then jumps over a fence goes on towards the bleachers.
Then he goes past the building and jumps over a fence to go back on the track field.
There are 3 people in the desert.
There is also a mother holding her child while standing next to the camel.
Two people are riding the camel and someone is in front guiding the camel by holding the rope.
A big man in white shirt is standing next to a table with chips and cards, while a man is suit standing next to him, and in front of him are men and woman playing cards.
The camera shows a cake on top of a stove.
A montage of scenes showing the sequential steps of the cake recipe is shown.
A third woman is sitting on the floor next to them, eating as well, before the camera pans to an area behind them where there are several women standing and walking underneath the metal tent covering.
The dealer flips some cards and moves some others.
They open the door and walk outside.
They take a drag off the cigarette and blow the smoke.
They make a funny face and move their head around.
The man rubs a section of the wall.
The man then walks towards the camera.
A man is seen playing an elaborate drum set.
Also, a Jai-Alai macot hit a ball using the Jai-Alai cesta.
After, a players throw balls on front a goal.
Sneakers and socks are thrown on the carpeted floor, a man's feet and legs are shown, the man sat on the floor then unroll the socks, he then put on his green sneaker, tied it and then he moved on the next foot, wiped his toes, put the socks on and then the sneakers, tied it tight.
There are some people snow tubing on a slope covered with snow.
They come down steadily and smoothly till they reach the bottom of the slope.
There are some other people climbing up the slope with tubes and sledges in their hands.
He checks the noodles with a knife and then pours the noodles, water, and sauce into a pan.
As they play,the crowd cheers for them and the ball is dropped.
A man starts serving tennis balls indoors and the title appears.
The man looks at the ground behind him before serving the ball.
The man stretches his arm out.
We see tip #3 again.
We see the ending title card.
The location changes to in front of a salon.
the guy then squeeze dish washing liquid around the edge of the other side of the tire to make it easy to fit back around the middle center piece.
the guy then sprays the tire with some type of liquid and another guy uses a long stick with fire on the end of it to do some thing.
Both teams continues to go at it and the men stand on the side serving as the referee.
The black outro screen has a logo and blue and red words that read "Wear your helmet, and skate safe! Subscribe for more Bails".
A large group of people are seen standing in a dance studio and lead into performing a dance routine together with a man leading in front.
The group continues dancing with one another while moving back and fourth on the floor.
She then combs the tail.
The horse is running outside.
A close up on the product used to spray.
She is now combing the mane again.
she holds up the product and grabs the horses tail.
A small child is seen holding a tennis racket with another standing on the side.
The men begin hitting a ball back and fourth while other people watch on the side.
The two continue hitting the ball while people watching on the side.
Two men are seen standing in front of a piece of exercise equipment speaking to the camera.
One gets on the equipment and begins moving his arms back and fourth.
The other man uses the machine while the other speaks to the camera.
Two people prepare to go kayaking and are pushed into the lake.
A woman is hitting tennis balls from a basket while her trainer gives her instructions.
She continues to hit the ball while the trainer rakes through the basket.
Several boats are shown as people stand on them preparing to do water activities.
After the kids go up and down on a bounce house and a young girl comes back and begins talking with her sound box in her hand.
A close up of a water go pro camera is then shown and more people are shown in a water object being pulled by the boat.
A man sits on a bench to pull off his jeans.
An intro leads into several landscapes and people skiing as well as people performing tricks and speaking to the camera.
The woman continues flipping the shirt around to iron and leads back to the man speaking to the camera.
A black screen appears and green words scroll from the bottom to the top and stop when it fills the screen and say's "NDA&CS Food & Drug Protection Division" and there's a circular logo in the middle.
Various items are shown that include a toilet paper roll, a bottle of handwash and running water from a faucet.
A man is washing his soapy hands in a sink while the water is running and as the timer is counting down on the right, he rinses his hands at the 20 second mark then dries them off with a brown paper towel.
Several pictures are then shown advertising Ask the Builder.
A girl is sitting in a chair talking.
She put the contact into her eye.
Two kids are seen sitting at a table with one feeding a baby an ice cream.
A man holding crutches wash a car with a hose in the street.
A man wearing overalls is seen laying paper down on a wall and pushing it down to keep it in place.
The person continues to push the paper down as well as line along the bottom and continue laying down paper.
A pan around the room is shown in the end.
Two of the men have removed the tire from the big red truck and the third one goes to get a tire from a pickup truck.
A man throws a bowling ball down a lane.
The pins are knocked over.
A man from a movie shoots an arrow.
The movie is Robin Hood films from the 1990s.
Then, the man punts his hand on the nose.
A guy views his phone.
The lady moves her hair from her face.
The man puts a metal on the lips of the lady.
The man moves the metal of the lady's lip.
A man is dancing on the beach.
A skills workshop is shown for how to be a goalie in lacrosse.
An middle aged man is sitting in front of his desk talking.
Once he is done,he starts a Youtube video and begins jumping up and down on a trampoline for his workout.
A young girl in a garage throws darts at a dart board.
The girl then throws the darts again.
The inside of a carport and fence are shown with a woman and a dog sitting in front of the fence.
The woman is talking to the camera.
A man appears alongside her.
The man is shown painting the fence white.
A person puts gift paper on top a cactus in a pot.
Then, the person shows to wrap a square gift and made a paper flower.
After, the person shows to make a rectangle wrapping using a red cube.
kids are running in the outside and pulling a cart into a sandy beach.
the kids step on the sandcastle and destroy it and walks into the shore and sunbathe on top of towels.
kid gives a seashell to the girls and walks in the seashore jumping and laughing and then the credits appears.
A person is seen sitting in a chair and holding up various knives and tools.
The man sails through the hard waters very quickly.
man is in a room an puts a large cloth in he floor and a wooden fence on top and clean it with a cloth.
She is doing several sit ups on the ball.
She continues doing sit ups propping her feet up.
Several clips are shown of people riding around on mountain bikes on a track.
The camera follows the group riding around the track while others stand on the side.
An Asian female walks into the corridor of an outside video with a jump rope in her hand.
The jumps are over and the young lady begins to walk side ways towards the camera and leaves.
A man is seen standing on a roof with a young child holding up a kite.
The man is seen helping the boy in the end and grabbing the kite.
A girl is sitting down with her legs outstretched.
The men continue kicking the soccer ball around while people cheer them on on the sidelines.
A group of children stand on mats together with an instructor waiting to begin.
A man is mowing a lawn, while a toddler walks behind him with a play mower.
He tries a few times to pass his father, getting his mower stuck.
Men compete solving cube puzzles while judges supervising the players.
A person walks behind the players.
A list of 10 proper hand washing rules appears on screen.
A slow replay of her throw replays and she celebrates and gives herself two thumbs up and then puts a shirt on.
Cookies are shown being made into dough and baked in the oven.
People driving around back and fourth while continuously crashing into each other.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holing bagpipes and the camera pans around to other people laughing.
The man then begins playing the instrument while others watch on the sides.
Several shots are then shown of them wrapping up the paper and using yarn to wrap the gift.
Then end by laughing and smiling to the camera.
A brown haired woman is talking to the camera.
Sumo wrestling demonstration is completed in front of fans.
a man is running in a field.
The man drinks from a water bottle.
Several metal pieces are lying on a black cloth.
A man is shaving another man's beard.
He then attempts to solve a rubix cube while a timer watches him.
Then, the  woman iron the shirt carefully.
After, the man sits on the cardio machine and pulls a handle until on front his chest while explaining.
The woman sets aside her shawl.
A child climbs monkey bars until reach the others side.
A group of young men are playing on the sandy beach.
A girl and a pregnant woman are inside playing a dancing game on the playstation.
The oregnant woman has the playstation control in her pants.
They are having fun together, its a family get together in the house one of the other sisters comes to talk.
We then see the girl on the ice.
A little boy is swinging a stick outside.
A small group of men are seen wandering around a close room hitting a ball around.
We see a shirtless man enter a bathroom.
We see a person in a gray shirt and a toilet.
Next, the man dance and make hip hop movements on the floor.
a man runs on a field with a javelin balanced in his hand.
The people stand around and being to grab a rope while others watch on the side.
The women then get into a tug of war with another group and end by falling down.
We see the bike in a room and the man enters the room pointing at parts of the bike.
The man pulls the tire off, and puts it back on.
The man takes the tire off and a title appears on the screen.
A view of the outdoors including cliffs, trees, and streams is shown.
A woman is talking as the people are hiking and white water rafting.
We see two men playing squash in an indoor court.
The camera man adjusts the camera and covers it with his hand.
The men finish their game and leave the court.
Several goals are made and the teams both jump up and down in joy.
Lacrosse players jog around on the field.
The camera zooms in on the back of a spectators head.
The white teams scores a goal.
The referee calls a foul.
Girls are standing around a car washing it in bikinis.
Two women grab hoses and start hosing the car down.
There's a drum set on a stage with lots of colorful lights and Justin Bieber is sitting at the drum set playing the drums with a lot of enthusiasm.
Suddenly, smoke near him starts to blow as soon as he hits the drum set very hard, it stops, and then it starts to blow once again.
He stops hitting the drum set, stands up, then walks off.
Many watch from the sidelines and men rake up the sand and score the athletic score.
Several more women are seen running down the track into the pit with their score being shown immediately afterwards.
He bends down and gives a thumbs up.
He falls down on a ramp.
The man takes his glasses off and puts his glasses back on.
The man removes and replaces his glasses again.
woman is mixing the ingredients in a pot and sieve the flour in a bowl.
The camera pans to the other side of the net where the opposing pair is playing.
Two people are playing lacrosse on a field.
They demonstrate how to properly play and defend someone.
The video is of someone getting a tattoo on their wrist.
The tattoo artist is drawing the outlines of the art on a girl's arm.
He goes back to the arm and continues to work on the artwork again.
A gas station is seen with a small billboard and stack of tires at the front entrance.
A man has his car filled with gas before getting back in and is assistant by attendants.
A group of workers use hand towels to wash the exterior of a car at the gas station.
We see a black opening screen.
We see a person painting a flower on a canvas.
The person switches back to a small brush.
The screen fades to black.
The lady sits on the floor and the dog follows.
The dog shakes the ladies hand.
The dog shakes the ladies hand again.
The lady laughs then waves to the camera.
A young girl in a gym setting does two black flips and one double twist in the air with no hands.
The man stops and walks away from his table.
There's a young man wearing a blue shirt and black hat demonstrating on a bed and talking about fitness.
The woman is on the bed showing her legs, then putting on a red stockings, while the other girl is putting lotion on the legs, then the woman is shaving her legs in the bathtub, wipe her legs and put stocking on it, then wipe the legs with lotion.
A lady talks to the camera.
We see cars and rafts.
We see people sitting on the rafts in the lake.
A speedboat speeds past the rafters.
The people turn a black raft over in the water.
A woman is seen holding a tennis racket in a room when another person comes into the frame.
The woman hits the ball and the other man walks in with a racket.
Two men are interviewed in the same setting.
The two men from the previous interview are shown again.
A group of people jump rope in a coordinated pattern.
The scene changes to a different group doing jump rope tricks.
The scene changes once again to the second group performing rope tricks.
The scene changes one final time to the second group performing rope tricks.
A man throws a bowling ball.
A woman stands up and grabs a bowling ball.
She walks up and drops it down the lane.
She throws it down the lane again.
She throws a bowling ball while talking on the phone.
A lawn mower is shown on a farm road.
The man unroll the paper, measure it and the wall, then he mixed the adhesive and began putting it on the wall.
A group of people holding paintball guns and dressed in costume run into a staged setting as if in combat.
A woman is seen walking into a ballet studio holding ballet shoes and sitting before a mirror pinning her hair up.
A girl presses a full lemon on a machine into a cup.
We see a man playing drums in a rock concert.
The camera zoom in on the man.
Two little girls are standing outside in a yard.
They continue throwing and kicking, playing a game.
A man shows a bottle of cream, and then he puts gel on his hand.
Then, the man rub his face and neck with the cream.
The girls drives behind the boy, then turn around and continue riding around.
A man talks and then cuts his beard with an electric shaver on front a mirror.
The man make gestures when shaving around his mouth, after he continues shaving his face.
"TIP 1 STICK AND BALL WITH 2 BALLS glide across the screen and the man then appears on the field riding his horse and using his stick to hit balls as the horse trots along.
"TIP 3 PRACTICE ROTATING YOUR BOTTOM FROM THE LEFT TO THE RIGHT SO YOU HAVE ALL ROUND VISION" shows up on the screen and a man is shown riding on his horse as he is rotating his bottom from left to right as he looks around him.
"TIP 4 NEVER USE STRENGTH TO HIT THE BALL" appears on the screen and a child on a horse is shown swinging a stick as he hits the ball.
"TIP 5 NEARSIDE" appears on the screen and 2 different men are shown riding horses and using their stick to hit the ball as soon as they are near it.
We see a newscaster speaking in a studio.
We see scenes in a carwash and a man speaks to the camera and goes to his office.
A man pulls money from his pocket and we see cars being washed.
We see more cars being washed.
A camera zooms in on a sign hanging out front and leads into a woman brushing a horse's mane with a brush.
A man is out in an open field.
He throws a frisbee for his dog.
The dog catches it from multiple throws.
A woman stands on front a table holding a brush and a large stencil.
Next, the woman finish to paint the table with the stencil.
We see the credits on the screen.
The camera splits in two and we see two images.
We see a cameraman walk from the back of the room to the front.
They finish dancing and throw their hands in the air and clap.
The diver jumps back off of the dive platform and spins forward for a head first entry.
Girls stand in their swimsuits next to a sink.
Girls dunk the faces into the water.
The people pretend to drink from the water.
The girls fill the sink with a spray nozzle.
He then walks up and down the field and cuts the grass growing from the sides.
He continues walking up and cutting the weeds while looking back to speak to the camera.
man is in slowly motion making a sho put in a field.
man is standing in a large green grassy field.
The man in blue shirt is sitting on the wheel chair.
The man adjusts the shaver.
The man adjusts the shaver and shaves his nose hairs.
The man finishes and smiles at the camera.
We then see the ending credits.
A lady is combing another ladies hair s the title is shown.
We see the supplies the lady will be using as she talks to the camera.
The stylist removes that one and adds a vertical one.
The stylist speaks and the video ends.
The people ride in one canoe pushing themselves along the water.
The people continue paddling while the camera captures their movements.
A cake mix from a box is created.
Everything is stirred up and then poured into a pan.
Men are running in a field then on a city street.
A man plays a white accordion while sitting on a stool.
A person is seen close up cutting the hooves of a pig and moving his hands around to see.
The person continues cutting the hooves as well as checking the teeth.
The marching band practices their song.
The marching band instructor gives instructions.
A man is holding a yellow bar.
Then, the woman makes a hole on the center of the braid and pass two times the tip of it to make a bun.
The woman holds a child and both smiles.
The man then goes down the slide jumping off and attempting to go down again on the board and is successful.
He eventually takes off running,and does a series of back flips,twist,front flips and cartwheels on the runway as well is in the air before landing on the mat.
When he has completed his tumbling,the crowd begins to clap and he walks off.
A small child is standing on a footstool at a kitchen counter squeezing the juice of citrus.
A grown up pours the juice into a pitcher.
The child alternates squeezing the citrus repeatedly.
A man sits in a booth with a large hookah pipe on the table talking to the camera.
The man crosses his arms across his chest.
A series of different random clips begin to play, and then it also includes along with more random still shot pictures.
An intro leads into two men performing sit ups.
Wraps are shown on a plate.
A man spreads food out onto a wrap.
Two people are driving in a tractor.
The man stands outside of the house talking.
the man talks in the woods and we see an ending title screen.
A man is sitting down on an exercise machine.
He pulls the rope and starts working out.
A man in a blue sweater starts writing on a clip board.
He is playing a violin slowly.
He looks toward the camera, continuing to play.
A man is paddle boarding in choppy water.
A woman is talking to the camera.
a man stands up and talks to the camera.
The wakeboarders are being dragged by the boat as the wakeboard from side of the boat.
The surfers slide into a ramp and railings and continue to wakeboard.
He wipes the tire off with a paper towel.
The man takes sandpapaer and wipes a gear then wipes it with a towel.
The man rides the bike into the driveway and hops off to show us the tire.
A man wearing glass is seen speaking into a microphone and picks up a hula hoop while speaking into the camera.
A group of men stand around the fire and laugh with one another and then try to stop out some fire.
Then, the man makes a demonstration how to move the sward with his right hand.
The people set up tents and prepare their sleeping bags.
the man holds a cloth with his hands and wipe his face.
the boy walks in the room and sits in front of a computer.
She shows how to ring out the mop into the bucket.
A man is seen walking into frame wearing a helmet and putting gloves on.
He pauses for a moment and continues torching followed by grabbing the camera and showing off his work.
Two people are standing in a room.
A young boy stands on a chair at a table.
He is doing several kickboxing style stunts, punching and bouncing, also banging his head.
A close up of a dog is shown with a person's hands cutting the dog's fur.
We see a man on a rowing machine.
We see the man's hand on the handle.
The man then demonstrates how to strap on roller blades.
The woman then scrubs soap into her hands and continues to wash them off then taking a paper down and drying her hands and sink.
The other steps in to demonstrate how she washes her hands and ends by laughing to the camera.
The guy covers his mouth and lowers his head.
The guy wipes his forehead, stands up straight, and gestures to a guy next to him.
The credits associated to the clip is shown.
A couple of girls are standing in a gymnasium.
She begins to perform, dancing and twirling, throwing and spinning her baton.
She kneels as she finishes, then exists the court.
We see an opening title screen.
Two men stand in a room talking to the camera.
the man in blue kneels and pulls the handle on a exercise machine from above as the standing man gives directions he finishes and stands.
We see a closing title screen.
Then we see him with a massive mouthful of paste, pouring out of his mouth as he sloppily brushes.
He hits the ball all over the field while another man watches and plays with him as well.
A person is seen grabbing a pot of coffee while laughing to the camera and wandering around an office.
The man is seen speaking to people outside as well as inside while talking into the microphone.
Men and women in bikinis and trunks carrying wakeboards and walking towards the motorboat, a woman is riding a wakeboard and holding on to the harness that is attached to the boat, and wakeboarding on the water, while other men and women are relaxing in the boat, the men also ride the wakeboard, the boat stopped at the center of the lake, and the people jumped in the water, the men flipped over while wakeboarding, they surf and jump on the water.
A man is seen hitting a ball along the beach with a stick while the camera follows his movements.
The man continues to hit several balls along the beach and walking around at the same time.
The time begins and the boy begins to try and solve the cube as the other boy records his record of 12:31.
The boy then receives a paper and is congratulated by his friends.
street is shown with different cas passing by the street.
people are walking in the sidewalk by a store.
Children hang Christmas ornaments on trees in a planter of a playground area.
Two large sumo wrestlers wrestle in a ring.
Pictures and clips of sumo wrestlers are shown on the screen.
girl is standing inside a room doing exercise.
girl is wearing jean shorts and pink shirts doing abs in a room.
Film clips are shown of several surfers riding waves in the ocean.
The main surfer rides with several others.
A man is shown tight roping across a small pond and eventually falls in the water.
Another man is shown doing the same thing but falls into the pool.
Two young girls are seen kneeling down ready while others walk in and out of frame.
Several players are then seen playing volleyball and pausing to cheer with one another.
The girls continue playing and cheering as well as getting ready to play.
A young man cleans the floor while a man puts stuff on a table, then the man sweeps the floor.
After, the man puts a bucket on the table and continues sweeping the floor, while the young man cleans the floor.
A person puts blue tiles on the floor, then the man comes to sweep the floor.
The man sits on a the tight rope high up in the air.
The man dismounts from the rope and performs some kicks on stage.
The man mounts the rope once more and performs more tricks.
The man briefly dismounts from the rope again.
The man dismounts a final time and poses for the audience.
A man spins in circles to make himself dizzy and disoriented.
A bull is then killed and laid in the dirt while others roam around him.
A man is smoking a hookah in a booth.
A man in a suit is holding a bowl of food.
A doctor is talking to the camera.
Two women are sitting behind a desk.
A girl is seen climbing a set of monkey bars on a jungle gym.
She moves her way along the monkey bars and makes it to the other side jumping down and looking to the camera.
A group of people dressed in red are sitting on a long raft kayaking through rocky waters.
The girls run up and down the field and the camera follows their movements.
Adults comfort the child.
A nurse then tries to get something else in the eye, but the child is resisting.
The lady swings the hula hoop.
The lady spins the hula hoop on her shoulder.
The lady spins the hula hoop up and down her body.
A man stops to watch the lady dance.
We see funny video clips in the ending screen.
A man is standing in front of a building playing the bag pipes.
A man talks while we view an object on the table.
The man checks the bike seat for looseness.
The man checks the seat for tightness a last time.
hair utensils are in a table and a man is showing his haircut.
Men are shown helping a larger man onto a camel, which has to stand up once he has mounted.
The player from the red team kicks a goal and the crowd cheers for him.
The crowd is cheering and waving the team flag.
A Russian then completes a long jump and gets his score then runs around with a flag.
People are doing tricks on a skateboard.
He pulls his mask down and begins using the tool in the dark.
He is showing what he did with the tool.
litle girl wearing pink pants playing pitch and toss in a playground.
women wearing dresses are stading on a side of the hopscotch.
in the background a person is doing exercise lifting weight.
The man puts the ring on his thumb and shows the camera.
The man takes a bow from a bag and lines it up on his arrow and man shoots his bow.
We switch to two other men shooting their bows.
The screen fads and the website appears.
A woman puts on a surprise when sitting on a couch.
Several female gymnasts are shown on the bars making different mistakes with their tricks.
A woman sits at the foot of a bed.
They are then seen using a tool to apply their socks, then their shoes comfortably.
Another boy lays down on his stomach.
A woman is seen helping a person put on a pair of stilts followed by clips of people using the stilts.
She then instructs how to properly change a tire by using a jack, taking the old tire off, and screwing the new one in.
She unscrews the jack and puts it back in the car, ending with her speaking to the camera.
A woman is standing behind a table.
a lot of people are standing on sides of the people pulling the rope.
An old man in suit is talking in front of the camera as the audience are watching behind him.
We see a man ride a skateboard and see two title screen.
We watch a man riding a skateboard down a street with a hill and talking to the camera cut in.
A man is then seen riding on top of the machine while the camera pans around him.
The man continues to ride the bike while panning around the area.
A man in black shirt is showing a black box and showing the contents of the box, then showing the leaflets, he drink glass of water, then show a small shiny black, then a smaller shiny box then the black e-cig, he opened  the stick and showed the contents and put it back.
The man starts smoking the e-cig, blowing smoke to the camera.
The man continues to push the machine around the yard while the camera captures his movements.
Steve harvey on his talk show talking to the audience and clapping his hands while he speaks.
He shows a video of a man break dancing, he brings this man out on the stage.
The audience claps for him and him and Steve talk for a little while.
A group of surfers are seen surfing out in the ocean.
A man is seen writing on a piece of paper and shows a pan out of a truck.
The man then shows off the finished truck cake and loads it into a truck.
The words "Window Information Series Casement Window Operation & Cleaning" along with the "Thermal Industries" logo appear on screen.
A bike wheel is seen on a table as well as various objects and tools.
The person then begins using the tools on the tire to create bars going around it.
He continues gluing down the sides on the wheel as well as flipping it over on the side.
The athlete lets go of the hammer throw ball to send it flying over the field.
Several people are seen sitting on a subway with one man licking his shoe all over.
They go down a waterfall and continue to push themselves down the river.
A close up of a watch is seen moving around under the ocean.
A man plays the bagpipes in front of a group of apprehensive looking friends in a living room environment.
A man plays the bagpipes in front of a group of people who are watching and looking apprehensive in reaction to the playing.
The man begins to talk to them and one of the women on the couch begins to sing back to him at which point the woman next to her begins to laugh.
The man with the bagpipes takes the bagpipes, dismally, and throws them on a neighboring couch.
We see the boy swim backstroke.
We see an illustration with a chicken.
We see the little girl pick up things underwater.
A group of people are now on a green grassy field, all on their own horses, wearing polo outfits or referee outfits and holding polo sticks.
A boy is then shown talking to the camera and approaches the line as people begin going down hill.
The tubing is done,and several people are shown waking around a cabin doing miscellaneous activities.
A woman jumps on the diving board, then she flips forward once and dive in the water.
A woman holds a bottle with liquid and explains showing the label.
After, the woman grabs an empty jug and pours liquid of the bottle in a measuring cup, then she puts the liquid in the jug through a funnel.
At the end, she pours water in the jug and end her presentation.
People are mowing the lawn on a baseball field.
He gets back onto the lawn mower.
A graphic shows the number 3 followed by clips from a hockey game.
The man is briefly shown bowling from a different angle.
Men are playing volleyball on a court.
The crowd is cheering around them.
They finish the game and shake hands.
The couple dances a salsa routine while spectators watch standing around the room.
A person talks on front a swimming pool, after and advertising displays.
Then, two people play in the pool holding a ball.
A man in a life vest sits on a kayak on the grass.
A girl watches and stands next to him.
The wall breaks and the man flies down the hill into a tree.
The girl gets into the kayak.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Players play lacrosse on a field.
Four men are standing in a room,two of them are standing against the wall recording and watching as the two black males are arm wrestling on a table.
A dog runs across a field with a frisbee.
He tries to get the dog to catch one of the frisbees in his hands as the dog frantically tries to get one.
The man stands with a frisbee in his hand as the dog runs away.
A person's hand is seen running a razor up and down their leg covered in bubbles.
The camera pans back to see a woman sitting up in a tub and moving the razor up and down her leg.
A woman is sitting down at a table.
They are knitting something in their hands.
They lay what they have knitted down onto a table.
The camera pans to a woman beside him also painting the fence.
A man is seen mowing the lawn with a baby in a pouch wrapped around his chest.
A person canoes down a narrow and rough waterway in a body of water surrounded by many rocks, a stone wall, trees and other people in canoes.
Food is set onto a table.
A man dumps something black onto his food out of a bowl.
He begins to stir the food with a fork and a spoon.
A camera is seen walking towards a woman shoveling snow around a car.
A woman is wiping a wall with a rag.
They stick the paper to the wall.
A guy shakes hand with a player and gives him an animal trophy.
A woman smiles and talks outside.
Various shots of a city and people moving are shown that leads into a man scuffing off a shoe.
A man is floating on an intertube in a river.
A player wearing black uniform passes the ball to a playmate who pass to other player, then the teams continue playing.
A player shoots the ball to the goal, but the gold keeper catch it in his hands.
A man is seen playing a musical instrument on the corner of a street while several people walk by.
He picks up a bottle and takes a drink.
We see a moving  title screen.
We see a title screen.
We see the man eating a banana.
People are walking in the stands finding their seats.
A woman in a red vest is standing on the side of the court.
We see an animated opening screen.
We see a blue information screen.
We see the orb attached to the sink.
We then see the blue screen giving information.
A poodle with casts on his front legs is standing up right dancing with a child.
After,the animal tries to sit down once more but a ball is thrown at him and he continues walking on his hind legs.
When he begins, some kids are playing in the road.
At one point, a car passes by.
A wrestler is seen standing in pain on the side while one gets up on the edge.
The man is then shown surfing along the water with others as well as landing in the water.
The camera then moves into an arcade and two males begin to bowl.
The games continues and more people show then they move into the mall and outside into the parking lot where several people are.
They are now outside and it is dark and they get off of their transportation and walk back into the house.
He mixes the ingredients together and pours it into the glass, presenting the drink and speaking to the camera.
A woman and and a man talk in a tattoo shop.
Then, the man cleans the button belly of the woman and puts a mark.
After, the woman lay down, and the man pierce the belly button and puts a stud.
People are playing lacrosse on a field.
The audience is watching the game.
A man stands in his kitchen discussing.
A close of paint brushes are shown as well as colors.
A little girl is standing in front of a kitchen sink.
She is soaping a blue cup, washing it with a sponge.
We see men arm wrestling in an arena.
We see more words on the screen.
Two men hug each other, and the man in the tanktop gets a gold trophy.
A woman and a man perform a ballet routine in a dance studio.
A man in a black leotard and a woman in a black and white ballet ensemble begin to dance in a well lit dance studio.
The calf is tied up by rope to a horse.
Then she hits it again and takes the blindfold off when the people's cheers and claps get louder.
A woman is show in several different location lifting weights above her head and jumping her legs out.
The woman continues lifting up the weights over her head while various text instruments pan across the screen.
The woman covers the box with paper and tapes up the ends to create a finished, wrapped present.
The woman strikes a quick pose with some attitude, then starts to brush her short bangs.
He then shows a drill, fork and screwdriver on the counter.
A woman cleans a windows with a steel squeegee that cleans with a cloth.
Then, the woman cleans the window with a cloth.
The man spins all around the beam and ends by jumping down with his arms up.
A hand wipes snow away from the word Decathlon.
The man continues to spin himself around and jumps off with his arms up.
Then, the man and the woman talks and the woman turn to leave, suddenly the man grabs the woman from the shoulder.
The woman pushes the man, who attack the woman and both fight.
A man wearing a blue shirt rides a BMX bike over a BMX course while doing a wheelie.
A man wearing a multicolored jersey and blue gloves starts down a BMX course from the start block and continues the course while doing a wheelie.
One of them teammates passes the ball to another teammate who then scores a goal.
The goalie throws the ball back into the middle of the pool where a teammate grabs the ball and throws it to his teammate.
The ball is being thrown around and the goalie catches it.
men are posing in front of a green bench to take a picture.
men are running in a large green fiel playing lacrosse.
men are celebrating and an old man gives a trophy to a young boy.
The old man is holding sheet of metal.
The man put needle on welding tool, put on his mask and began torching the metal, then poke it with hammer and show it to the camera.
A hand pours liquid from a shot glass into a glass.
The person adds ice to the cup and stirs again.
A woman walks gracefully into a room wearing a belly dancer outfit.
She puts her arms out, shaking her hips to music.
People are long boarding under a bridge.
The bulls fight, while people look on.
She has long red hair.
She brushes her hair several times over.
The man then begins laying carpet down all over the floor.
The man continues to lay carpet while the camera pans around the room.
One man chases the other around and walks back into frame to play the game.
Another person joins him, then walks away.
A baby is on a bed in a house.
She is playing a pair of bongo drums with her hands.
A person mows the lawn while a dog and a person play catch with a ball on the same lawn at the same time.
The camera continues to explore around while many fish move around and look at the sights.
A person is seen putting fencing gear on while another man speaks to the camera.
More people are seen speaking to the camera as well as people fencing in between.
Several shots are shown of people fencing one another while others still speak to the camera.
We see a title screen with a photo of a buff man.
We see the house the yard is part of.
We see the man chopping wood.
We see a dog playing in the yard.
We see a pile of logs in the yard.
We see the closing title screen.
A girl is outside on a slab of concrete next to a body of water and she beings to jump rope doing intricate jumps in between.
As the location changes,she moves in front of a mountain of rocks and begins twirling before she returns to jump roping.
After,two girls appears dressed identically and they both begin jumping near the water and twirling.
It's now dark outside and people begin sailing in the water in a a boat.
A woman is seen walking out onto a large mat with many picture watching her on the side.
She then begins moving her arms and legs around along the mat while looking off into the distance.
The woman continues moving around the mat with her arms and legs and ends by holding a pose and bowing.
He is shown speaking again and begins showing how to sharpen a knife using a machine.
He then cuts up a tomato around the edges and places the knife down and pointing to the machine.
The woman begins dancing a routine using a baton and twirling it around.
He begins playing the drums.
We see a a man drop a flag and people take off running and we see them run a marathon.
A man has an image over his face.
We see people playing volleyball on the beach with crowds watching.
People are in a room interacting.
A young boy is washing his face in the sink.
He touches his face several times and smiles.
A man in swimming trunk is standing at the edge of the diving board, his back is turned back from the audience.
He raised his arms and bounced and jumped to the pool.
We shift to see him play and he talks to the camera.
We fade in from black as the man talks.
We see him playing the accordion again.
a group of guys are sitting on a sectional sofa.
A second guy kneels across from the first guy at the coffee table.
The same throw is shown again in slow motion followed by the man waving to the crowd.
Several more athletes are shown throwing the pole followed by them waving to the camera.
A man stands in a field.
He is standing on a circle.
He is behind a net.
The men take off swimming to the team.
The men swim backwards.
The ball is thrown but no goal is made this time.
A man is seen sitting behind a set of drums followed by playing the drums and people moving around behind him.
He continues to move around talking and explaining technique.
The girl hold's the boys hands and leads him around the playground.
The two go down slides several times as well as climb up them and smile to the camera.
A woman is seen standing outside with her feet together and looking off into the distance.
The woman peels an orange in the end and sticks it in the dish to serve.
When the girls and the ladies finish, they jump and flip in the air, then they start to dance on front a jury.
An orange and yellow ombre website appears on the screen and the backdrop is an animation of spinning earth surrounded by stars.
A man appears riding on his motorcycle and smiling, then a black screen appears with white words in the middle of the screen that say "IN SEARCH OF 'THE PERFECT SHAVE'".
A close up is shown of a pool table with a man standing around the side.
Several people are seen watching from the side as the man walks around the pool table.
The man hits the ball and continues walking around the table.
Several boats and seen riding along the water with some crashing into another.
More clips are shown of people riding along the water on the side of boats.
She spins around several times before launching it onto the field.
We see a lady sitting holding a cat and talking.
We see the ending screen with video clips.
A leaf is shown floating through the water and two scuba divers swimming around the water.
You choose a stencil and draw it on and then you get the carving tools, you also have to empty all the pumpkin goo out of the pumpkin.
Once you're done doing that and it's all done you add a candle so that it lights up.
A man and a woman are boxing in a gym.
The man keeps moving backward and the woman follows.
Male players are playing water polo in a pool.
A player makes a goal or the goalie does not prevent the ball from entering the net.
The majority of the grass is already cut and he continues to move around in a small circle to cut the patch of grass that is left.
A person adjusts their selfie stick.
The main person wiggles and begins to slide down the slope.
the snow clears and the person starts skiing again.
We are then shown the mountain.
People are shooting with firearms in the woods.
The man on the right serves the ball.
The man on the left lobs the ball.
People are standing in a room playing instruments.
A person is sitting on a couch next to them watching.
Two young males are outside in an open park  walking up to groups of young women asking them questions.
They then begin to do rock,paper,scissors and if they girls win they get to slap him and  if the boy wins they'll get to kiss them on the lips.
A bald man is shaving the back of another man's head.
The bald man move away from the man and continue to shave.
They set the toothbrushes down.
The girls continue performing a routine and end by holding a pose.
He hits a ball away from the goal.
He continues running back and forth, playing with the ball and net alone.
A woman stands up and walks towards the water with the girl following behind.
The woman then dumps water all over the sand and shows it to the girl.
A man is outside dressed in a black jacket talking while two man made ski hills are behind him.
After,he comes back to talk and once he approaches the slope begins hopping down it.
We see a man talking in a bike shop.
The man sits on the bike again.
He tries to wash his shoes by kicking them in the water, the soles coming out.
A man on a rowing machine demonstrates lower back posture rules when using a rowing machine.
He demonstrates how his lower back is supported while using the rowing machine.
The third rule he shows is a body over from hips rule.
Finally, he demonstrates how he has a straight back at catch.
A lady is talking to the camera.
The lady takes the hair out of the brush and shows us the wad of hair.
She holds her hair in her hand and brushes her hair.
A man puts something onto the bottom of a ski.
A small gray axe with a wooden handle is scraping at a gray substance on the wall.
A man wearing full protection gear is shown standing and torching the object then it fades to a black screen with white words that say "Hobart Institute of Welding Technology All Rights Reserved".
An unseen person begins spraying a persons hair with black bottle and a red nozzle.
The unseen stylist then puts a flower in the person's hair and lays all the tools used to comb the hair on a black piece of fabric.
A woman in a black shirt is bent over.
She lifts the weight up over her head.
in the start people are driving down the path.
The camper shows all the ingredients needed and prepares the fire.
The man lights the fire a few times to get it going and then hikes away.
Suddenly, the woman runs chasing the person.
Men are standing on a field playing soccer.
A man is seen breaking down in front of a camera performing various moves one after the other.
Suddenly, a cartoon characters appears in the screen and a game.
The woman continues taking while a game display in the screen.
A man puts a cloth on a shirt on an iron board to iron, then the man puts the shirt on a hanger.
Then, the man talks and sets up the temperature of the iron.
They chase the ball with their sticks and hit them back and forth.
Three men in white robes are doing karate moves.
People are watching them in the audience behind them.
A man in a white t-shirt accompanies the conga player on the drums behind the boy.
A group of people mount the horses to ride them.
A woman is bent over holding a weight bar.
She picks the weight up and holds it at her shoulders.
A woman is shown speaking to the camera and leads into her showing off several dance steps.
The woman continues to demonstrate how to properly perform various dance moves over and over again.
A woman sitting at the table behind them puts a jacket on.
A woman in work out clothes is sitting on the floor and talking to the camera when she suddenly turns to the side, still talking to the camera but pointing now to her shoulders and waist.
The woman begins to mimic the motion of typing with her fingers and eventually begins to demonstrate sit ups.
They are wearing caps on their heads.
There is a net set up.
Girls stand holding lacrosse sticks in a field.
A child scoop the ball with the stick and run on opposite direction.
A purple gloomy sky is shown as the sun sets behind a body f water.
After her armpits are done,she then applies the same oil to her legs and shaves them as well.
The girl puts bright blue contacts in each of her eyes and then takes one of them out.
Various tools are shown laid out while a hand picks up the tools and shows them to the camera.
He then cuts the apples with the sharpened knife and leads into another person holding and showing off more knives.
Several clips are shown of a man swimming around in a pool and speaking to the camera.
The other puts a piece of paper down and lines up his shot with the ball.
He writes on the paper, turns and walks around the pool table, and looks back towards the other man.
She turns on a straightener and starts straightening her hair.
We see two little boys painting poles in a yard.
We zoom on the left boy.
We then switch to and zoom on the right boy.
A close up of rings are shown floating around an ocean followed by a scuba diver off into the distance.
A young male caucasion is in a room juggling a beer pong ball.
A guy sits behind a drum set.
Two bike riders fall off their motor bikes.
A person drops the rope and heads toward the fallen bike riders.
A man is talking while holding a bottle of commercial tea.
He goes into a bowling alley, where he picks up a ball and sends it flying down a lane, as it bounces back and rolls into the seating area.
He then kicks it, throws it like a baseball, and bounces it off his head.
We see people in raft going down a river.
Sumo wrestlers practice moves in the dojo.
Sumo wrestlers practice moves going forward and side to side.
Dojo master talks to his students.
Sumo wrestlers eat food in the dojo.
A person is seen bending down on the floor followed by a ballerina jumping.
Another person is seen moving their body around in a costume afterwards.
People are playing ping pong in a room.
The man sets down the potato and grabs another to peel.
There are 3 women standing side by side on a tiled floor outdoors and a scenery barely visible right behind them.
They end their dance, clap themselves, smile and begin to walk away.
An athletic woman is seen standing holding a jump rope in front of a large group of people.
He then holds up scissors swinging them around and doing more hand gestures to the camera.
A man and other women are shown using elliptical trainers at varying speeds as they pedal and exercise.
The drummers continue to play all together with the camera panning around their movements.
We see a blue opening screen.
We see a table with scratches.
A lady paints the end table with a greenish paint.
We see the lady sand the table.
We see decor and the table in a house.
We see a blue screen then products.
We see closing screens and credits.
A group of women are working out in a building.
The instructor walks away as the others continue.
A picture of people holding dogs are shown that lead into people performing tricks with their dogs.
They give instructions on how to play the game as they go.
A man is seen smiling to the camera and taking off his glasses.
The man then demonstrates several different jumps while holding the rope and still speaking to the camera.
They join a crowd alone a lake.
The cameraman explores again behind following the couple.
The man steers the boat as two of the women pull a rope and turn a crank.
The man and two women are seen in a smaller boat.
Back on the boat, one of the women lays on the boat while the other two control it.
The women are off of the boat doing different things in a jungle area.
Someone is seen underwater and then looking at a waterfall.
All three women stay around the waterfall doing various things.
They all sit in and near a van while a man plays guitar and sings.
A few more quick clips are shown of the women at the waterfall, on the boat and in a jungle area with children.
A row of balls are lined up in a large green field ranging from yellow,black,red and blue.
The person then takes a hammer like poles and begins to hit each ball one by one between two poles that are about four yards away from him.
The woman is talking and showing us how she tones her legs by riding the exercise bike.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
She does a gymnastics routine on the beam.
woman stands up fom the drums and thank.
An adult hand briefly intrudes into frame to push a purse aside.
The adult briefly uses a brush from the purse on the child.
The child retrieves a compact from the purse.
The adult removes it from the child and places it on the table.
The child retrieves a pen from the purse.
A man with a beard is standing in a gym.
A sequence of water aerobics and Olympic sport logos are shown on a white backdrop.
The camera flashes to two two males doing a backwards toe touch flip off the diving board.
Once the return,the same trick is done but they are facing backwards instead.
Their last trick consist of the same flips but there legs are elongated while they flip into the pool.
He begins shaving his beard with a razor.
We see a boy in camouflage sitting on the shoulders of another boy and hitting him in the head.
A man on the play set walks to the boy and hits the boy camouflage in the head with a chair.
the hit boy falls to the ground.
A woman is talking to the camera in front of a white background.
The man is alone at first, holding a mallet, standing, and talking into a cell phone, until the other man arrives in the backyard and hands him a croquet ball.
The men continue to play until another ball is hit into the fish pool at which point one man gets on his knees to fish out all of the balls lost in the fish pool.
She grabs a pair of scissors and begins trimming the plant and looking to the camera.
A bench is shown in a foyer.
A young woman sits down with supplies in her lap.
The boy continues hitting the ball over the net and moving up and down the court.
We see a man and a woman hold hands while walking in a restaurant.
The man and woman go to the dance floor and dance close together.
The dancing man spins the lady.
The people finish dancing and the crowd claps.
A woman wearing a hat, wetsuit and a lifejacket is sitting on her sailboat and holding onto her sail and steering.
A still shot picture is the closing outro after all the clips of people on sailboats are shown.
Various text is shown is steps across the video as well as a woman unrolling some paper and placing it along the wall.
She places the paper along the wall and cuts the bottoms off.
She sits comfortably in a chair and is seen holding several different wallpapers against the wall.
An athletic woman is seen standing ready holding a pole before a long track.
She then throws the javelin off into the distance while other people watched in the distance.
Her throw is shown several times again.
A man is mowing the lawn with a green mower.
He is mowing at the side of the road between the street and his sidewalk, pushing the mower back and forth.
woman is standing in the botom of the parallels.
A woman in a black shirt is playing a violin.
An ad comes on the screen with words.
The boy ends in a floor hula hoop routine before the woman returns to the stage, shakes his hand, and he leaves the stage.
A girl is sits on the back of a camel.
A man in a black jacket leads the camel around in a circle.
The girl gets off on a red platform and walks down the stairs.
A woman is in a kitching, flipping a pancake in a small skillet.
She flips the pancake several times, almost dropping it.
We see a broken egg, and a dirty counter.
Next you place a towel over the mans face, after dripping it seductively over yourself.
Then you brush on shaving cream, and you straddle him and shave him.
The player passes the red bridge.
The timer counts down from 10 and the race is finishes.
We see the players record score.
A large track is shown followed by people keeping score and athletes running down a track.
Several people are seen running down the track into a sand pit while others watch on the sides.
The audience continues to cheer and watch the athletes as they run down the track.
A woman is laying down on the ground.
A woman does a hand stand and paints her face with her feet.
A woman is seen outside in a large field playing with a dog in several shots.
Many more women are seen walking and playing with dogs followed by a man speaking to the camera and text across the screen.
A child solves a cube puzzle while holding a basketball.
A hand holding an object touch the ear of the boy.
woman is walking to the sea holding a surboard.
Various shots of a person running after dark are shown ranging from the bridge onto a city as well as a long beach.
The person keeps running through the city while the camera captures him from several angles.
Up on top of the roof there is some construction being done.
It looks like the job is half way complete and there is only a small portion that needs to be finished.
A wrestler is seen walking into the ring against another wrestler.
The woman finishes the piercing and shows it to the girl in the mirror.
People are standing around watching him.
He launches the ball onto the field.
A man shows a plaid shirt while explaining.
The man talks with a person that holds an iron.
A man starts talking to the camera.
He is talking while sitting behind drums.
He plays the drums again.
A large group of people are seen standing around an indoor track in front of a large audience and a man speaking wearing headphones.
The players stand around talking to one another and one shoots a bow and arrow at a target.
More people are seen shooting the bows followed by interviewers speaking and team mates reacting.
The race start and they race along an uneven course with spectators watching.
A woman is seen holding up a stick that leads into her running around a field.
The camera follows around this woman as they play a game of field hockey with one another while running up and own the field.
The girls continue to play the game and end by sticking their sticks up.
the kite goes up and the man looks up at it.
Two men are in a ring, kicking and blocking.
The man on the left brings his block down.
Scene opens to indicate a standing high jump practice on a particular date.
The first jump is poor, and he knocks off the bar during the jump.
Several more goals are made by the black and white team on the soccer field before the scene fades.
Two people stand together before an audience holding microphones.
A third individual runs forward and performs a jump in the same location.
It's a gathering of people that are all bouncing around using these contraptions.
A hockey team prepares for a game.
After introductions, highlights of the game are shown.
A close up of a sink is shown followed by a girl looking into a mirror.
The girl is then seen putting makeup on her eyes.
She continues putting makeup on and stops to look at the camera.
They continue dancing as a small crowd gathers to watch.
They pose as they finish the dance and everyone claps.
Several shots of ingredients laid out are shown followed by hands playing cups onto a plate.
Finally he takes them out of the oven and places them on plates with sprinkled sugar.
The man looks back to the barber speaking and smiles.
A man hits the radio with a baseball bat.
He walks into the kitchen and pours a cup of coffee as he gloats.
He moves two tires off a box.
A small group of men are seen sitting on the ground playing instruments while one holds a child in his lap.
A couple of men are inside a boat, laughing and talking.
They then pretend to fight before turning the camera off.
A police officer is shown performing spins and tricks on a skateboard in the middle of a street.
Another man walks up and gives him a high five.
An older man is seen pouring liquid into a pan with another man stirring around the mixture.
The girl is playing her flute.
The man jumps in and fishes for a shark.
The man the surfs being pulled by a shark.
The man surfs into shore and high fives his friend and jumps around.
There's a sand sculptor named Brian who is on a beach building animal figures out of sand.
He is being interviewed where he is talking about his skill.
He continues working on his sand sculpture next to another woman who is also making sand sculptors.
White text on a black screen appears.
He alternates between the drums as he plays a tune.
They laugh as they look in the mirror.
The man is then seen running through a park while looking off into the distance.
A woman is blow drying her hair.
She takes the curlers out of her hair.
a woman is riding a horses through a wooded area.
Other people watch as she talks to them.
male chef is working in kitchen.
the worker is washing the dishes.
The other men are bringing in crates in the back while the man is washing dishes.
a woman is shown creating a shape out of a cake.
A vintage, black ad white poor quality video plays and it shows a lot of hockey players on an ice rink just skating around.
A man is quickly skating across the rink and when he collides with an opposing player he hits him very hard with his stick until the man falls to the rink.
The person continues to wipe down the baby as he laughs and looks up to the camera.
The men talk about the guitar.
The man on the left describes his guitar.
The men begin to play the guitars.
A woman is sitting cross legged on the floor.
She talks as she stretches her legs.
A woman sled on a inflated sled on the snow.
the man then adds gold lame fabric stuck in at various points behind the mesh.
the man the adds a lime green ribbon in bows.
A group of people get into a van for a road trip.
There are stills of the group on the trip.
A man is riding on a brown horse.
He jumps off the horse and grabs a calf.
A man with long hair turns around.
A man with bunny ears talks to a man with a red shirt.
A man in a helmet drinks from a bottle of water.
A man is standing up talking.
The diver performs several more flips and tricks while people stand around him on the side and watch.
A man standing outside in the snow, wearing snow gear with a shovel.
Once he is done getting the snow off the car he moves the car away.
He then starts to shovel the snow off the side walk and path way, once he is done he gets a cigarette and enjoys a puff outside.
A man with a button down shirt behind a bar is showing how to make some mixed drinks.
Then he goes ahead and pours into and glass cup and adds a straw.
A reporter is standing with two women further behind him and the banner below him indicates that he's a reporter and his name is ALEX ADEYANJU.
Now a man is shown talking to a reporter and the banner below indicates that his name is BILL ROMER and that he's also a shuffleboard player.
Paint splashes are on the screen with mylorraine spelled out.
A man is attaching metal stilts to his legs and a helmet to his head.
The man is talking again.
A video is shown on the importance of washing your hands.
Kids talk about their experiences.
A family of five people decorate a Christmas tree.
The family adds ornament to the tree.
He continues cutting the grass and looking back and motioning to the camera.
The person continues spinning around on the equipment and ends by jumping down on the side.
A man is video recording a group of people riding on horses.
Soon the group comes to an area with mountains in the background.
The group then comes to a beach area, with mountains in the background.
The one in white jumps in the ring on the one in red.
Both fall to the ground and lay there.
A kid is talking while holding a guitar.
A woman spreads water with a hose in a boat.
People sail in a boat in the ocean.
Men compete in sailing boats while standing on the border of the boat.
Women and men receive medals in a podium.
We see a various men performing high jumps on different tracks.
We see the man in white jump, we see a score and he jumps again and falls.
We see a man's foot on the track.
A man riding a surfboard is attached to a long rope as he goes up and off of several ramps.
Two men are seen speaking to one another in front of a large bowling alley.
Several shots are shown of one man throwing a ball down the lane and the men speaking about proper form.
A person in a gray jacket and no shoes is shoveling snow from a driveway.
Two people in coats walk up the street.
The person steps into the street without shoes to talk to the people.
They lift their feet up to show the people.
Two men dressed in white shirt and different bottoms are standing in a room with three walls and a hard wood floor.
Both males go back and forth hitting the ball and filling in for each other as the game continues.
Various shots of landscapes leads into a woman standing on the beach and playing a violin.
He turns a few dials and gets to cutting some more of the surrounding bushes.
He trims up and down the length of them with precision and accuracy.
A woman is standing up playing a flute.
She is wearing a black shirt.
A boy blows dead leaves using a blowing machine in the driveway of a house.
Water droplets have sprayed onto the camera lens.
They all go downstream together.
All of the people are holding up their drumsticks and then they all begin playing and bouncing in rhythm each drumming to their own beat.
A man does exercise in a gym, then people climb in the climbing facility and others are shown doing yoga.
A large group of people are seen sitting on exercise equipment in a room.
The people grab the machine and row themselves back and fourth on the machine.
men are running in a soccer field playing hurling.
They tie a rope between two concrete pillars.
A little kid pushes another one a swing.
The girl in pink jumps on a swing and swings.
They rinse all the soap off using a hose.
A man gets into the clean car and drives away as the boy stops to talk and starts washing the next car.
He leans over, welding a piece of metal.
The video continues on with men arm wrestling and hugging on another followed by yet more people arm wrestling.
men are standing in front of pool tables  getting reay to make a shot.
man do the shot and enters a ball and keep playing doing shots in the table.
Volunteers spread mulch over a playground area.
Volunteers spread wood chips over the playground.
women are serving egg nog on cups and toasting.
A child attempts to break a pinata by hitting it with a stick over and over again.
The man sprays the car with a solution.
The man then sprays a cleaner on the car.
The man uses a brush on the water hose to clean the car.
We see the car sitting still.
The lady holds a pose on the court's floor.
The lady does some flips across the court.
The lady twirls the metal stick around her upper body.
The lady does a pose on the ground and turns her legs.
Two mucuainas plays tam-tam on the street while a man sits on a bench on back.
The person shapes and adds a green stem to the top of the cake.
A boy gets the ball and begins throwing it at the other team, hard.
A beach is seen from above with many people seated on the shore.
People are standing by recording and watching him as he kayaks through.
The whole time there are people on the sidelines watching them and taking pictures.
A man and a woman are dancing together.
The man dips under the woman's arm.
The man has his hand on the woman's waist.
The man puts his hand on his waist.
The man hits his head accidentally.
A person hits the item hanging from the roof.
He continues instructing in the positions and moves.
A person is standing in the snow in front of a fire.
They get on a ski lift.
He gets to the bottom and stops.
A group of young women play field hockey in practice and in an official game all on outdoor, grass covered, hockey fields with special attention given to a young woman in a number fourteen jersey.
The Christmas tree in front of him is shown.
Two people are in the park.
A man in brown shit is crossing the red rope while the other man is watching.
Someone walks in front of the camera ducking down.
A man shows up with flowers at a woman's door.
A man talks to a woman behind a glass wall.
Two kids are seen raking leaves in a back yard when the camera takes the point of view of the rake.
man is holding a wooden table and planishing with a knife.
man cleans the knife with a cloth and cu a white paper.
The woman powders around the girls face as well as her neck.
She continues putting makeup on the girl and showing pictures in the end.
Man hits a ball against the wall several times.
Man collapses on the floor of the court.
A man with a goatee, long hair, and dressy hat and clothing is playing a guitar.
The guitar is a brown acoustic guitar.
He is seated with a deep red curtain hanging behind him.
He looks up word for a moment as he plays.
A woman is seen swinging around on a set of uneven bars while a group of people practice and watch around her.
There's a woman doing a tutorial on how to fix wall paper on a wall.
Then she hangs the wall paper on the wall and smoothens it out with a tool.
She gives a thumbs after she completes hanging the graphic wall paper.
A man is seen spinning around a ride and leads into people sitting in bumper car seats.
Different trainers throw Frisbee discs for the dogs to catch while performing tricks.
A young man is seep standing in front of a group of children.
A boy practices boxing with a kneeling adult.
The kneeling adult pats the boy on the back.
The kneeling adult rises and stands in place.
someone is throwing a dart in a dartboad.
man is throwing darts into a board in a room.
We see a couple of opening scenes.
We see a person mixing oil paints.
We see the finished painting and a line of paints.
Men wearing white uniforms are playing cricket on a field.
A man falls onto the ground.
People standing on the field start to clap.
And old man, old woman and girl are talking.
A guy squats on ice next to a plant.
The guy smiles and places the fish on the the ice with both hands.
A man is bending down on a mat.
He lifts up another person onto his shoulders.
A group of people are gathered around a tall christmas tree.
They  are each applying ornaments to the tree.
A cake is shown on a table.
A woman puts diapers into a metal pan.
She stacks them on top of each other.
Teams and referees walk around the field.
people is in boat going down the rapids of a river.
The male then begins to lift the bottle up over his head until he has consumed all of its content and takes it out of his mouth.
A teenage girl has on a blue leotard standing behind a balance beam.
After several tricks,she stands up and does a flip and continues to to walk across the beam doing flips and cart wheels.
As she finishes,she does a flip off the beam,stumbles a little bit and then sticks her landing and walks off.
She starts blow drying her hair.
We see a man sitting at a shoe shine station shining a woman's shoes.
An older man is standing at the end of the red strip and bends down to hold onto the white ribbon that a girl behind him as also holding onto while other people around the red strip just hang out.
There is enough wind to keep the kite up without having to do extra work.
The kite starts to bob and weave.
A group is riding on horse back by a fenced in area.
He moves the tractor around the yard while the camera pans in and zooms in on his body while he drives away.
People are moving empty canoes closer to the water.
A man on stilts is playing the bag pipes on a street.
A street sign on a pole is shown.
A tattoo artist is seen drawing on a person's leg while the person faces away.
The man continues explaining showing the side of his face and showing the arrow.
They take a stance before an instructor.
They then jab and stab at each other as they practice.
A demonstration of capoeira is shown.
The easy sequence is shown step by step.
The guy in black top played paper, scissor, stick stone to different people, and when he lost, the people hit him on the face.
A man with tattoo is doing kickboxing training, then the guy in black top lost with the tattooed person and he got kicked.
Two people dressed up in sumo wrestler suits come running into a gym and wrestle while people stand around and watch.
They continue wrestling and are having a lot of fun doing it falling down and bouncing around.
The red sumo wrestler falls down and the blue sumo wrestler wins.
They start shoveling the snow in front of the car.
they finish and talk to each other.
The woman continues riding and then is seen again next to the machine speaking to the woman and smiling to the camera.
The lady pole vaults and hits the mat.
The lady shakes her head and points and continues cheering.
He continuously spins around doing flips and tricks on his hands and knees followed by several shots of his movements in slow motion.
He performs several more tricks and the camera fades to black in the end.
She lifts her leg up to the side.
Two men are talking outside a building.
The man who's wearing a red shirt throws a yellow frisbee into the air and the dog jumps up to catch it in its mouth while the other man who's lying down is recording using a camera.
Two males are outside in the yard standing behind a table with red cups on both ends.
The older man then throws the ball to the other end and the two begin playing beer pong.
woman is sitting on a snowslide and is going down a snowy slope.
The players stretch out before the ball is served.
The person runs paint all along the ceiling moving his arm back and fourth.
The wrestler jumps onto his opponent shoulders and slams him to the mat.
The camera pans all around to where the girl is pointing and walks back to zoom in on her face.
Many kids are in a gym playing dodge ball.
The camera goes to one of the kids showing them making a throw.
There are also some other gym equipment behind her.
There a few other women who are also biking the stationary bikes.
Then the personal trainer begins exercising using a pair of dumbbells.
He shows the mechanics of strapping them up, before they head up a snow covered hill.
They then iron the wax onto the board.
There is a woman riding a white horse on a dirt path.
The horse is running on the path.
Two persons sits on motorcycles on the mountains.
Then, people drive snow bikes on the mountains covered with snow.
Four commentators sit at a table talking.
A series of female contestants are shown trying to jump a hurdle while an audience watches, and the four commentators occasionally interject.
Some of the contestants are interviewed with flowers in their hands.
Two people are seen dancing together in a living room with a tv going on in the background.
A girl in a shopping cart is eating an ice cream cone.
Kids run in the background behind the cart.
They fall over for a minute and get back up, the one farther behind catches up and gets in front of the other boarder.
People are standing in the stands watching.
He shows the different moves and strategies used for hitting a ball.
He is then shown engaged in a game of table tennis.
Several shots of people jumping on ropes are shown while many watch on the sidelines and other people speak to the camera.
Two people are seen riding around on board on waves and leads into more people surfing.
A woman is washing clothes in a tin bucket.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A lady runs her finger through hair extensions.
The lady brushes the hair extensions.
He is trying to remove a splinter from someone's toe.
He continues working until the splinter is removed.
They fall over and give each other a hug.
He then gets up, turns around and walks away as some other players watch him.
A man does a news report about running through Paris.
Another boy swings the rollerblading boy around by the arms and hands and the boy in the rollerblades falls down on the paves surface and then continues to rollerblade.
A man is running water in a sink.
He picks up the soap to wash a dish and glances at the camera.
He rinses the dish and his hands.
He looks back at the camera and washes a utensil and lays it on a towel.
Once the man has done some exercising,he takes out a USB device and records his workout and process and saves it on his computer.
When he is finished,he then grabs the the elliptical and rolls it out.
People are standing on a lacrosse field playing the game.
In fast motion a man is shaving his full beard with an electric hair cutter and leaves a very small part in the middle under his bottom lip.
The man decides he doesn't want to keep the mustache, shaves it all off leaving just the small patch under his bottom lip, then smiles at the camera.
A young baby is outside in a swing dressed in a long sleeve furry one piece.
The baby begins to slow down and smiles at the person standing in front of them as they begin to film the scenery behind them.
Finally,the baby is at a complete stand still and tries to look up but can't avoid the sun.
The man and woman are surfing separately, they are riding the waves, they fell in the water once in awhile.
An intro screen appears and the text reads "Expert Series Organic Living" and at the bottom right there's a logo that reads geobeats, and the next blue screen displays the words "How to Prune Tomato Plants?".
A brunette woman is now talking while she's sitting outdoors near a large plant and the words on the screen say that her name is Judy Frankel, her title and her website.
The woman grabs onto the plant and then cuts a part off of it with her pruning shears, holds the piece up and is talking about it and she cuts another piece off and this time this one is bigger.
The view shoes a little more of the area of the garden, and then fades to a blue screen that has the logo that say's geobeats.
The lady is looking up at the sky.
The lady approaches a male who is holding a hallow stick.
The lady turns toward the man with her hand extended and smiles.
The competitors make all kind of faces as they grimace.
The athletes eventually wind up  stomach down on the floor.
He lifts the bong and begins to drink the beer quickly, draining it from the glass as fast as he can.
Two Hockey teams are playing in a rink competing against one another with the referee standing in the middle between them.
A young lady is standing in a room wearing an orange three quarter length shirt and begins talking to the camera.
Next,she takes white paste of some sort and rubs it against the window and wipes it away smoothly off of the window.
The young kids and adults are riding cars bumping each other.
The little girl and an adult stopped at the center of the floor and move again.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a closing title screen.
A man is seen walking in and out of frame putting objects onto a bike frame.
Someone pushes him to speed up the swinging.
More matches begin but they are one on one and the crowd continues to clap for them until the game ends and the boys shake each other's hand.
A rack of tools is shown followed by a man pulling the items off and a close up of a lawn mower.
Two individuals plaster a ceiling in time lapse video.
A different ceiling is shown being plastered in time lapse by two individuals, possibly different ones.
The people begin to add ornments to the Christmas tree.
A boy rides around on a toy.
The group continues playing against one another when one team wins and cheers.
The men sit down and speak to one another as well as show more clips of them playing the sport.
He is simulating situps with the bar.
He rolls over, trying to get up.
Two boys are in a pool throwing a ball to each other and the boy then throws the ball towards a chair that they are pretending to be the goal.
One of the boy then goes after the ball and throws it to the other side of the pool.
As time progress,the make shift game of polo continues and the ball is thrown back and forth into the chairs.
The child is playing on the monkey bars.
She turns around.
She leaps from the wood.
She child swings from the bars a second time.
An individual applies sunscreen to a child, and then herself.
The man in front of the tree is interviewed again.
The man in the newscast setting talks to the reporter remotely.
The guy places the sticks on the drum.
The guy covers the camera with his hand and then puts his face in the screen.
These people are playing drums, tubas, xylophones, and trumpets.
Two men blow leaves in the street with leaf blowers.
The person opens the door to another room, where a woman is painting boards white.
One of the gymnast dressed in red and white leotards is performing gymnastics on bars as his coach watches him.
He does another hand stand and a front flip as he twists his body.
A man runs down a track and jumps into a pile of sand.
An athletic woman is seen standing ready then runs down a long track into a sand pit.
She sits on the steps outside of a house cleaning shoes.
A group of hockey players are skating around on the ice.
the team all goes to the right then to the left.
A man is shown walking toward the camera with a cutting tool in his hand.
Numerous images of the orchard and trees are shown.
woman stat to comb the horse's hair and talk about the corect way of brush the horse.
Professional pool players play a game of billiards in a competition.
The man holds out his billiards stick to line up a shot then takes the shot.
The man leans over pumps the cue stick between his fingers before taking a shot.
The credits of the video are shown.
A person from the horse hit a ball with the polo stick, also a player hit the ball while walking.
A man is talking at a podium to a panel of people.
Another man joins him, playing a saxaphone.
The person continues riding back and fourth and ends by fading to black.
A girl is sitting in front of a camera talking.
She balances it on her finger, then inserts it into her eye.
A man demonstrates how to train a dog to catch a frisbee inside of a gym room where the room is lined with frisbees.
A man talks to a camera inside of a room while holding many white frisbees in his hand.
The camera pans out to reveal a dog standing in the room with the man with a white frisbee in its mouth.
The man proceeds to throw frisbees at which point the dog catches the frisbee.
The dog then performs tricks including rolling over, jumping on the mans back all in the effort to get the frisbee from the man.
The dog then jumps in the mans arms at the mans command as the scene fades out.
The cameraman pans around to other people riding in tubes down the hill.
A cheerleading squad walk up and is set in place on the stage to begin their performance for competition.
They flip clearing the middle of the stage and then they start a line in the middle, throwing girl up and bringing them down and catching them, they continue on with their routine.
3 girls on top have C H S signs and when they are done they all run up off the stage.
The young girl shows signs of being scared and she clenches the hand of a supporter.
Finally,the piercing person sticks the needle through and the girl's lip continues to get pierced.
A woman is brushing her hair.
There's rice grain, flour and other food particles scattered on the floor.
The demonstrator turns on the vacuum cleaner and begins vacuuming the floor with the yellow Dyson vacuum.
There's a man demonstrating archery skills in an indoor gym.
He begins by picking up the bow and arrow to show how to correctly hold and position the arrow.
They play and splash, then swim in unison to one end.
One hand pour liquid on contact lense on the other hand.
The hand rub the lense with the solution and then the finger picked it up.
A girl and a boy are arm wrestling on a chair.
Many speak to the camera while doing activities and continue to rub it all over their faces and arms.
An alcohol commercial exhibits a waiter preparing mixed drinks at a portable bar at a beach party.
A man plays tam-tam mainly using the one on front him.
A person plays the battery using two sticks.
A bowling ball and its measurements are shown.
The ball is shown hitting the pins, creating a strike.
It dissipates and two people on a tv show grab a large circular object with a handle on it and places it at the end of the mat and comes back to talk to the other two people.
man is in a practicing field practicing a shot put on sunny day.
men are praticing shot puts and javelin throws on fields.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a coin to put in a machine.
The man puts the coin in as well as a knife and begins playing a game of fooseball using a lever moving the ball around the side.
He ends by smiling to the camera and giving a thumbs up.
man is staying in a white room playing the violin.
man is wearing big beats headphones and playing the violin.
An athletic man is seen standing ready before a long track and making a long jump into a sand pit.
Another man takes his turn running down and ends by speaking to others.
A man begins wetting the mop in the Century mop bucket system.
The mop is then used to clean the floor, gliding along the tiles with ease.
The rest of the people keep going.
The man then turns the voltage up and continue with his task.
two people are playing fencing holding pes on his arms standing in a white stage.
Two people are standing on a field.
A man runs and jumps over a bar onto a purple mat.
The men continue playing and smacking one another while laughing to the camera.
A cat is seen close up with a person holding it from behind.
Several people fire their bow and arrows.
A man throws down many of his arrows.
An athletic person is seen standing ready at a start and lining and running down a long track into a sand pit.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Children play soccer outdoors with a lime green ball.
Girls play against boys indoors.
The goalie stops the ball from hitting the goal.
We see a sign for tubing and see a person walk to the hills quickly.
We then see the camera man ride a rube down a hill.
We then see the ending title screen.
A large group of children are seen standing around a field and begin playing a match of field hockey.
Several people are standing at the top of an elevated stone bridge surrounded by trees and wildlife, including a woman strapped in bungee jumping gear.
The coach runs up to the athlete.
A grown man is seen talking to the camera with his hands and walking down a hallway.
She brushes all throughout it's hair and ties it up above it's head.
A girl runs across the field with the ball in her hand.
A foosball championship game is shown.
The black team scores a goal.
Water is in front of the mountains.
A man in a green shirt is scaling a wall.
A large helicopter is flying in a clear blue sky above a beach that has people, and a man and a child are the main focus of the people playing in the sand.
The child is wearing a blue and white wet shirt and swimming trunks and is playing with the sand with his just his hands.
The man is wearing a sleeveless black shirt and black and red shorts and he's bending over and using a blue shovel to pound sand into a sand toy.
People are snowboarding down a hill of snow.
He does tricks and jumps going down the hill.
A man kneels next to other men on a freshly tiled floor.
Two women smile as they watch the men work.
The kids hit the ball off the wall.
The men continue kicking and jumping around one another while many watch on the sides and one man knocks the other down.
The man removes the straps from the boxing gloves and adjusts the camera.
A man cleans the snow of a car using a scraper with a big and a small head.
We see lading playing a game with sticks.
The girls run to catch the ball up against the glass.
This woman is showing viewers how to get big bouncy curls using hot rollers.
First she lets the rollers heat up and she puts them onto her hair.
They put the clean clothes in a bucket on the floor.
A large marching band is seen performing together in front of a large crowd.
In the middle of the gym,a girl is doing a routine on the balance beam.
After several flips and turns on the beam,she jumps off and a lady from the side panel begins to hold up her score.
He throws the object one more time and his score is shown.
A man then pierces the girls nose and puts a ring inside while she wipes it down.
A person is riding on a recumbent bike, then a woman is shown taking off her shoes and standing on a scale.
She rides an elliptical while another woman watches.
Several people are shown riding elliptical trainers.
The camera pans over a man playing a musical instrument and another person walking into frame playing.
They swing and swirl around the room.
He shows off a black shoe, which he intends to polish.
He shows the camera his polish and brush, then sets about polishing the shoe with the brush and polish.
When he is done, he shows off the finished product.
A man and woman are seen hosting a news segment and leads then kneeling down and speaking to one another.
She grabs his hand with both hands and stands back up while shaking hands.
He then begins to play his saxophone in the middle of the empty street.
teams are walking on sides of a field and are shaking hands, when are in court agrouped in a circle.
men are in position to start the game and start playing curling.
Several people are in a pool of water.
They are hitting a yellow ball.
All girls grab their individual ropes again to perform with, One of the girls in the back seem to be struggling with the rope.
They seperate into two groups, and one person flips in between them, they then proceed to dance together.
All girls walk of the stage and the crowd applauds them.
A group of basketball players are seen standing on a gymnasium floor with several people watching on the sides.
A person in a red shirt is laying down on a bed.
A woman in dark dress takes some pictures then cup up the wrapping paper.
All the people eventually assemble and wrap the sandwiches together.
A man waves his hands gesturing to the players.
The man stands up and walks out of camera view.
The man hooks one of the fish on a portable weighing scale.
The man drops the fish back into the hole.
The man weighs the other fish on the portable scale.
A woman pours ice into a glass.
She then pours it into another glass and shakes it.
A woman wearing a bandanna and a grey shirt is sitting down on a grey couch carving something.
Once her head is lifted up,she begins making faces and appears to be extremely aggravated.
The tutorial begins and a supply list along with pictures of the supplies of what you need to get the same glitter nails look are displayed.
The second step is shown and it's pouring the glitter onto the nails before the nail polish dries ensuring that every part of the nail gets glitter.
The last step is to apply the clear coat over the very glittered nails and ensuring that all edges are covered.
The second coat is then applied but you are instructed to make sure that the first layer is completely dried.
He shows off the products as he talks about how to cut metal.
Then people climbs the monkey bars and advance until reach the other side of the bars.
A woman stands, and begins to speak, another woman is sitting next to her.
The woman is speaking again, to someone off camera.
The two women hang the clothes to dry.
A logo appears on the screen for an Organization called "Compassion", which appears to be a religious organization that helps children.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of a large selection of books.
The camera transitions into her standing in a kitchen and showing various foods to the camera.
She begins cutting and peeling up vegetables  and dicing them on the side.
A woman sits with her cat and cuts its nails.
She does a belly dance routine with background music.
The camera pans up towards a blue sky.
two men are standing on the higher trampoline on their backs.
men make a synchronized jump into the pool.
A man stands along the edge of a bridge where he is preparing his harness to do a free fall.
He throws himself off the side of the bridge as the people watch him descent into the fall.
She is measuring it and marking it with a marker.
A man dressed in a black glittery uniform is standing in the middle of a basketball gym twirling a baton.
As he twirls the baton,he begins to do flips and twists while throwing the baton high up in the air making it twirl several times before coming down.
After leaps and crawls on the ground,he does a couple of more flips,bows and then leaves as is his performance is over.
He joins them in the conversation and they speak for a while.
After he takes his turns he pats the man and walks away from the table.
The people go water skiing, being drug along by a rope on a line.
Some of them fall off the board as they go.
He pets the cats nose and tries to get it to settle down by petting his head.
He starts looking at the cats hand nails, still struggling to keep the cat still.
A close up of a person is seen followed by walking around a yard.
A man gets stuck with other cars, but after free and people continue riding cars.
A woman is sitting in a chair.
Another woman is sitting on the floor next to her.
The camera pans in on a specific rider as her jumps around and continues racing around the track.
A hand is holding nail polish.
Several hands with nail polish are shown.
The person uses a long brush with a clear liquid on the nails.
The person shows off the finished nails.
A young child is seen holding onto a set of monkey bars with an adult in front of her.
The man then helps her climb on the bars by holding onto her waist.
The man and girl then move back to where they started and the girl jumps down.
A scenic view is seen of mountains.
A band of people are playing instruments.
A man is standing up in a suit at the front playing a violin.
Another man in a suit is leading the band.
People are playing clarinets sitting down.
A man eyes are seen waking up followed by his feet and him turning on a faucet and washing his hands.
The man then buttons a shirt, ties a tie, and walks out past people onto a deck.
The man runs in acting all crazy and showing several clips of him playing shuffle board.
The color changes to a negative color.
Kids swing in a playground while parents are around.
A man push a kid.
A woman walks in the pathway holding a child.
The horse begins to gently kick it's front right leg and the adult moves the child to safety and the child stops brushing the horse.
The woman then braids the hair and pins half of the hair up into a bun.
An aerial view of a soccer field is shown and then it moves down to the ground level.
Not only are the dogs catching the frisbee,they are now jumping over the backs over their human partner to get them.
Water sprinklers shoot up out of the ground.
They are then shown on stage, dancing and fighting.
They are advertised as being in a movie called Cheer Camp as they dance and fight throughout the video.
woman weaing a blue shit is standing in stage doing a choreography.
A small group of people are seen standing around an indoor gym playing a game of crochet with one another.
The people continue playing with one another as they hit the ball and run around and walk away in the end.
A news reporter in the field shows how you can bake cookies in a car on a hot  day.
The camera zooms in on cookies on the dashboard of the car being baked inside.
A digital thermometer shows the heat temperature.
The crew then show the preparation of the cookies by spraying nonstick coating on a tray, opening the package of cookies, placing the raw cookies on the tray, flattening out the cookies and then placing the tray of cookies in the vehicle.
A man approaches the mini table, touches the white ball and moves it into position to hit it with the pool stick.
The man pulls the pull stick back a few times and then hits the white ball and the white ball rolls into the colorful balls and they scatter in different directions.
Then, the boy makes rings with smoke, and look around.
The camera pans right and we see different people dancing.
The people all laugh together.
A man walks out of the room.
After several spins,he finally lets the ball go and throws it in the field.
The video ends and the website appears at the end along with a name at the bottom.
The woman in a white shirt is sitting down talking.
She sprays something on her face.
Soap is in a dish on the sink.
The camera follows the boys from several angles skating down a street and performing various tricks.
Various clips are shown of people tattooing others that leads into two men speaking to the camera.
More shots are shown of a website as well as the outside of the shop while the men continue to speak.
More people are seen getting tattoos while the men still speak to the camera.
two sumos are wrestling in a big green field in a competition while people are taking pictures of them.
The man then swings and spins on the bars.
The man gains his composure and lifts his arms.
A person sets a can on the front of their canoe.
People are standing on a trail.
She turns to the counter where the ingredients are, she grabs a lemons and begins to cut it in half.
she uses some kind of sugar replacement  or artificial replacement and stirs it into the lemon juice, which begins to foam and she adds a little water and she is done.
The man behind the camera then appears and begins walking in a mall that looks like an indoor flea market full of Asians.
The man then demonstrates how to properly hit the birdee while moving in slow motion and leading back into him speaking and playing with others.
A woman is brushing her hair.
She beings braiding her ponytail.
She finishes and shows the braid to the camera.
He bounces the tennis ball and bit and hits the ball into the net.
After, put pieces of dough on pans and cook the cookies, then she taste a cookie but she doesn't like.
The girls sit down on the sidewalk and talk.
A small group of people are seen moving back and fourth with their arms moving and dancing to music.
It then switches to another blue screen that include more words in black and yellow and it's referring to a "Disc III".
A blue screen appears and it includes the same black and yellow wording from the intro screen.
A montage of still shots shows up.
The end title credits show on a black screen.
A young man is seen close up who then lays down on a table and looks around.
A woman is seen piercings the mans lip an showing it from various angles.
The man then gets a second piercing while a person films from the side and looks up.
An old black and white video is shown before cutting to several clips of boats being controlled and driven through the water.
A man is water skiing very fast.
A man sits down in a kitchen.
A woman is blow drying her hair.
He swings it around his body several times.
The man gets it roaring again.
A camera zooms in on various buildings both inside and outside.
Two people are then seen fencing against one another while people cheer on the sides.
More people step up to take their turns fencing while also showing people on the side clapping.
The lady moves the sheet music.
We see the lady change the sheet music.
A shot of crank is shown.
The car begins to lift.
A close up of a person's feet are shown followed by the person putting socks on.
The girl then puts shoes on her feet and ties the laces.
A clip is shown of men preparing to enter a raft while spectators watch on.
The video continues to show clips of men in rafts floating through rapids.
At one point the camera shows spectators who are drinking beer while watching.
A woman is standing in front of a wall, speaking to the camera.
Guys smoke a Hookah pipe and blowout smoke.
They are both using paint brushes on a piece of furniture.
Two children are seen playing hopscotch on a paved road while one dog walks by and another lays and watches.
The girl takes another turn while the dogs wander around and one grabs the glove while the girl chases him.
A girl is mowing the lawn of the backyard.
A person is seen moping a floor while looking all around himself.
A man is doing a gymnastics routine on a balance beam.
He shows a video of a man on the tennis court hitting the tennis ball.
He talks and talks for a good while giving a lot of important information about how it should be done.
A pair of kayakers navigate on a river waterway in calm water near a waterfall.
The kayakers congratulate each other and wait for the remaining members of the group to go down a waterfall.
A lady talks in a living room.
A person puts egg salad on bread.
Eggs are boiled, onion chopped, eggs drained and chopped.
We see shots of the egg salad and pickles.
The bumper cars drive randomly throughout the arena.
The man blows circles in the smoke.
The man blows smoke through the top of a bottle.
The man blows a large puff of smoke and we see the hookah.
After, the woman pass the knife on the edge grip  from front to back while explaining.
An intro leads into a roller blading grinding down a rail as well as performing tricks in a skate park.
A players scores a goal and interviews the camera as well as several other players and coaches.
A close up of a person holding a cat is shown followed by a vet speaking to the camera and holding up a cat claw.
A  man in a kitchen next to one tomato on a cutting board, slices the tomato piece in half and then turns to talk to the camera.
The person turns the dog and trims the hair on his chest and neck and face.
They kiss and then jump and down.
The camera pans to show another small boy playing with another toy vacuum.
The camera adjusts to show both the children together.
Three young men are standing and talking together about something.
They smile and seem to be enjoying themselves a lot.
The person then begins pushing snow along the car.
The girls perform flips together.
The girls do handstands together.
The man throws the stick to the air, and he spins until the stick falls.
Then, the young man spins the stick on his neck, after makes moves with the hands.
After, the young man jumps over the stick, then spins his body stand in one leg.
The person filming walks around them.
Fish are seen swimming around while the two men and one man catches a fish while speaking to the camera.
A man in a suit sits against a background.
He then begins to talk about something.
He alternates between talking and listening.
The men continue shoveling sand into the buckets and lead into them taking off the bucket and sculpting the sand into a castle.
She picks up a brush and brushes the dogs hair.
We see an opening title screen.
We then We a lady riding a horse on the beach talking to the camera.
We switch to a different lady riding and talking.
A man blow dries a young child's hair.
The man is sitting down.
The child does not appear to enjoy it.
A man is in a bike shop and stand next to a bike while talking.
A group of people are seen wandering into a yard and leads into people dancing with one another.
A gymnast is seen standing before a beam with her arms up and leas into her jumping up on the beam and performing various gymnastics.
The woman continues to flip and kick all around the beam and ends by jumping off the side and presenting herself to the audience.
A man is seen looking around a field with audience members watching and leads into him running down a field and pole volting over a bar.
He cheers while the audience cheers and his shot is shown again for cameras.
A man with red some what spiky hair grabbed another boy by the shirt and the boy walked away, the man went after him but then quickly turned back around.
Other men are outside talking and laughing and then man with the red hair is gathered with friend and has a chip in his nose.
A family eats lunch at the table together, while a 75 year old grandma knits inside of the house.
She goes to a group to hang out with other older women who enjoy knitting as well.
Two sumo wrestlers are seen standing ready with a ref walking around them.
More shots are shown of the people fighting and walking out of the circle.
cars are prked on a side of the street.
A tall adult male is walking up and extremely long slide at an outdoor kid's wooden park.
Once the man makes it to the top,he slides down rapidly and ends up doing a flip off of the slide.
Two young boys wearing helmets, holding skateboards and carrying backpacks are walking through an area that is heavily filled with leaves and trees.
A third boy appears as they pass him and he is also wearing a helmet.
The boys then begin to ride their skateboards on the road and now there's a 4th boy who has also joined them as they continue riding down the road and filming themselves while taking turns holding the stick with the camera attached to it.
A 5th boy suddenly appears and takes the stick to take his turn in filming.
A black screen with white letters scrolling from the bottom to the top includes the names of all the boys in the video.
The woman continues working out as well as adjusting the machine and more shots shown of her working out.
We see the boy jumping.
The boy is running on grass and falls.
We then see him riding and wakeboarding in several scenes.
She continues painting the furniture and looks back to speak to the camera.
A dealer is shuffling a stack of cards.
He begins dealing the cards onto the table.
People are standing around the table playing blackjack.
The instructor throws and pins the student on the mat by the arm.
Objects are shown laid out while the woman continues to speak and show off specs on the car and showing how to use a jack to lift.
Then, the team wearing green uniform gather together to forma circle, then they continue playing.
A woman in a white dress is dancing and playing the violin.
The crowd applauds for the woman and the band.
A piano player plays the piano.
She waves and bows at the crowd.
The crowd applauds for the band at the end.
They throw the kid on the ground and start laughing.
Several regular speed curling scenes are shown.
The man talks to the camera again, with people in the background.
Scenes of curling practice are shown.
There is an opening title screen with words.
The camera pans right to the front of the man.
He takes a puff off his smoke.
He takes an eight puff.
He takes a fourteenth puff.
He takes a fifteenth puff.
He takes a sixteenth puff.
He takes a eighteenth puff.
He takes a nineteenth puff.
A man and his son are sitting at a table holding a pumpkin.
An intro leads into several clips of soccer players performing impressive tricks with a soccer ball.
A small group of people are seen swinging ropes with one another and performing a gymnasts routine with jump ropes.
The bull is now wounded and bleeding with spears in it's back and it chases after the matador in the stadium.
A girl is outside mowing the lawn on a very sunny day.
A man sits down with a harmonica on his neck and plays a guitar.
A few people are seen riding down the road while the camera zooms in on their faces and the people driving along a dirt path.
A person is then seen riding along the water on a wake board performing various tricks while people sit in canoes and watch on the side.
A piece of paper is placed over a dart board.
Darts are thrown into the piece of paper.
A man is seen holding a tool over a log and trimming the grass around the log.
A close up of a box of ice cream is shown and leads into a bowl of ice cream sitting beside the box.
The camera leads into the bowl and turns towards a bearded man eating the ice cream and nodding in approvement.
Then, the man put the leaves in a bags.
The leaves are blowing onto the lawn.
The woman walks in the yard and pretend to shoot.
After, the woman takes off her clothes and makes sexy movements.
A woman wearing white is on a bicycle machine and is leaning forward as she struggles to keep peddling.
She continues painting on the pallet and ends by showing it off in the end.
We see a series of title screens.
We see shots of people gathered and registering for the event and see the crowd.
The crowd claps and we see candid shots of the people at the event.
We see boxes of vitamin water and people drinking it, a man with a microphone and other people.
We see skating for awhile.
We see headphones, and a man throwing items to kids, a boy puts a sticker on his skateboard.
We see people posing with their trophy's.
Several shots are shown of a city that are followed by many clips of people riding around on skateboards.
The people continue riding around areas one another the other performing various flips and tricks with one another as well as walking around the area.
A woman remains seated as she speaks and knits.
The woman stops knitting and points to some of the patterns on the knitted piece as she speaks.
Two people are seen playing a tennis match with one another hitting the ball to the other.
The men continue hitting the ball back and fourth and walking around the course.
The dog stands up and walks to the door.
A young man is sitting outside a building looking sad.
He finally stands up and walks away before turning off the camera.
A hand holds ropes  from the sail.
A track athlete prepares himself to run.
He then jumps into the air, and lands in a pit of sand.
A man is let out of the whole riding a horse attached to a calf.
The person then puts a pair of shoes on and tying them and ending by standing up straight.
Pole vault is a sport where you run with a pole and stop and swing your body.
A few women are in the gym practicing to do this pole vault, trying to do their best.
They men are shown spinning quickly.
We see kids looking through and wearing the knitted hats.
A lady walks down a hallway with the hats in a wagon.
We see the ending screen.
A small boy is seen throwing a pebble onto hop scotch while many watch on the sides.
A person is pushing a snow blower through snow.
A man dressed in a green muscle shirt and yellow gym shorts is standing in a gym preparing to lift weights.
He bends down and grabs the weight and starts to lift it up several times to his knees and then drops is as a side view is shown.
A man wearing a hat in standing in a workshop with a harmonica in hand.
He talks and he shows how to form your mouth so you can play the harmonica.
A woman is seen from behind, beginning a dance on a stage.
She floats her arms gracefully, then begins to sway her hips.
She turns, dancing elegantly for the crowd.
People are seen standing around and speaking to one another followed by a woman walking across a rope.
People are seen taking turns on the rope attempting to balance by sitting and standing.
The group continue to balance on the ropes while the camera fades away.
A woman lays in a reclined chair while a man tattoos her arm and a standing man watches.
The camera pans back to the first woman, who now speaks intermittently.
Girls are doing gymnastics tumbles on a blue mat.
A man is holding a disc in his hand.
He spins around several times.
Couples and people are shown floating in ocean water, as well as surfing.
A man comes in to a home gym, sits down and picks up a weight to work out.
The man puts the weight behind his head and starts to do sit ups on the seat and he is straining to do the sit ups with the weight.
A night scene is shown with the moon and a pillar.
A group of people kayak in maze like bodies of water heavily dotted with ice drifts, snow caps and wild animals native to cold environments.
An old man takes an arrow from a table and shows to people while talking to them.
Two players and a referee are standing in a boxed off area that is primarily red and blue, and they are standing around a ping pong table.
The two players end their game and the referee holds his right arm up to indicate the winner as the two players meet on the right side of the table and give one another a handshake.
They both then turn to the referee on the right and give him a handshake and then they walk to the referee on the left to give him a handshake as well.
The man then takes the necessary tools and begins to assemble the bike.
The finish product is then shown on the bike is presented on hardwood floor.
A man sits down while holding his racket.
a man is standing in a driveway.
He jumps up and down very high on the stilts.
A scuba diver is seen giving a hand gesture to the camera and swimming around underwater.
A girl walks into frame holding a toothbrush and is seen talking to the camera and presenting her tooth brush and tooth paste.
We see a man playing guitar with a man playing drums.
Another person walks past the camera.
She dips a sponge into the paint and paints the cabinet door, which has three coat hooks installed in the middle of it.
She shows the door to the camera and wipes off the paint.
She paints the inner portion of the door and then wipes it off too.
Someone gets her and pushes her down.
A woman is standing on a boat alone.
Several people are standing on the water shooting arrows at her from a bow.
A man in a white shirt is holding a camera next to them.
People stretch and warm up.
We see people skateboarding fast cut with people and city scenes.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera with a dog chained up on a table next to her.
Another woman is seen speaking to the camera and the girls take turns grooming dogs.
The woman are seen cutting the fur as well as their nails and showing them close up afterwards.
They start to begin cooking, they have all the ingredients needed already lined up in a row in plates.
One of them grabs a pan and begins to add some ingredients and even lets it light up a fire very briefly before beginning to put other ingredients in the other pot.
They throw balls, trying to get them into cups.
He went away, took another small log, cut it in half and put them away.
Various shots are shown of landscapes as well as close up of toys and cars driving around.
The people continuously fall down as the camera pans out of the mountain in the end.
A large group of women are seen standing together and then walk out onto a stage and perform in front of an audience.
People walk up and stop the men.
the young girl is shaving her left leg with a razor.
He folded back the bike by unscrewing them and folded them.
Person applies pure acetone on her nails.
Person puts the base coat on her nails.
A white screen then appears and the black words on the screen read "how to sharpen your knives".
A talking man dressed in a chef's coat appears in kitchen with knives and sharpening supplies in front of him on a cutting board and he picks up different object on the cutting board and talks about each one.
The man then grabs a piece of paper, and while talking he starts to cut it while holding it in the air.
People watch on the sides as players react as well as a man in a hat.
A male athlete runs holding a pole and jumps using the pole to land on a foam mat, the the athlete speaks on front a whiteboard.
A female athlete talks indoor while other girl listen, then a female athlete runs with a pole but fails to do the pole vault.
The balls are hit by a mallet.
The players are wearing white and in the field hitting the ball with the mallet while audiences are sitting in the grass watching the game.
Another man from off the field runs in to help but he ends up fighting with the first guy who ran in to help and others have to break them apart.
The game continues until the last score on the board is shown and it reads LISMORE 1-16 D LA SALLE 1-15 and the spectators start to get up from the stands.
A young boy is standing in front of a mound of sand and hitting the mound with his hands.
The boy begins to try to climb the sand mound while people walk on the ocean front at the beach.
a lo f people are in th start of a race and a man grab the other man's hand.
man is running in a race track with other two men.
A man wearing athletic gear is on a gray carpeted ground with his knees bent on the ground and his palms flat on the ground.
The man then bends his right now and put his right calf behind his left bent knee on the ground.
There's a game in progress on a very green and grassy field in an outdoor stadium filled with people.
The girl falls down ad others help her up and leads into her swinging a bat around.
She swings at a pinata and breaks it open while others grab it.
A person put the left hand on a dispenser.
Then, the left hand takes of a card that the right hand flips and throws on the table for many times.
A crew of workers works on constructing a brick wall.
A man uses water to wash down the wall surface.
The man is plastering the wall using a slider and holding himself up.
The man walks around the room to grab more plaster and finishes the ceiling and walks away.
A man is seen sitting before a piano and playing while the camera captures his movements.
A woman holds a contact lens on her finger.
She opens her eye with her fingers and takes the contact lens out.
She bends down on one knee and does some more of her performance.
Camera scenes show a boat and equipment on it as the woman reappears.
Two men are at a gym to demonstrate proper form for the exercise.
The woman shows off the hair dryer while speaking and pointing to the woman in the chair.
The lady puts graham crackers in a bowl and layers with the milk mixture.
The lady ads mango slices and returns to layering the mixture and crackers.
the lady cuts the cake and people eat it and give a thumbs up.
The camera pans around a busy street view, including closeups of two individuals.
The woman the camera is following acquires ice cream from a truck.
The woman continues cutting around the sides and moves the chair to cut more.
The boy puts the handlebar on.
We see them take the bike off the rack, put it back and then it's gone.
The camera spins as the person walks outside.
The two practice on and the other man walks away.
Children sit on bikes getting ready to race.
The gate is released and the boys bike on the dirt.
A boy falls off his bike.
The name and label of the organization is shown.
He holds a knife sharpener and rubs the knife up and down the sharpener.
She has two hair brushes in her hands.
She starts brushing a woman's hair who is sitting in front of her.
Words appear on the black screen.
A woman talks to the camera.
The woman talks to the camera in the gym again.
A view of the ocean is shown and it moves up to the bottom of a bridge.
Then,two men with cameras walk behind her and start taking pictures of the water.
In the end they shake hands and celebrate with team mates.
When she reaches the girl sitting down, she bends down to help her up and the camera person runs close to them while they struggle to get the girl to stand up.
They both fall to the ground in the driveway and black rolling words begin to scroll from the bottom to the top on a pink screen.
The woman then opens the window panes and cleans them with the paper towels.
In the end the woman sits up on her knees smiling while the other woman helps.
A man reads a sheet of paper while sitting on the food, then he opens a bread and puts ham on.
After, the man put cereal, chicken nuggets and a doll.
The words "Call: 925 606 0946 Livermore Dog & Cat Grooming Wine Country Pet Spa" appear on screen followed by credits.
A man serves a tennis ball.
He jumps into the air.
A man mows his lawn while being filmed from a high angle in a sped-up video.
The man walks across the mowed lawn and sits on a bench.
They lay down on mats, using exercise balls to do sit ups, then doing arm lifts.
A man is seen walking up to a bar and begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bar.
She pours various liquids into the glass and mixing it around with a mixer.
The taps the rim with a lemon and serves the drink while holding it in her hand.
A large playground is seen around various mats when a young girl walks into the frame.
She climbs up the ladder into the play house and looks around the play area.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Two guys are playing racquetball.
The guys pause their game.
A man serves the ball.
She does not move, and he continues working.
A woman is seen holding her eye open and pushing a lens out of her eye.
The same shot is shown again in slow motion.
A group of people play tug of war with a tiger in a fenced enclosure.
A line of woman pull on a orange piece of a material across from a tiger who is gripping the other end of the orange material from inside a fenced enclosure.
The woman eventually give in and the tiger dominates the long cloth and approaches the fence.
Liquid is shown being poured into a glass and leads with a bartender mixing various liquids into a mixer.
She then shakes the mixer up and pours it into a glass while still speaking to the camera.
A woman is on a stage with a baton.
The man picks up a tool from the ground.
Two men work out on a rowing machine The man in the orange shorts works out on a different rowing machine.
Different scenes of a group of people running on treadmill machines.
The man stirs around the noodles and shows a close up of the plate served.
A man on the stage talks to the kids.
The man puts his microphone down and shows different ways to jump rope.
A man is standing outdoors wearing an orange tanktop and green shorts, holding an axe and then he swings it over his head and chops a piece of wood.
Another man is also standing outdoors and he also swings the axe and chops a piece of wood and the wood piece gets stuck onto his axe, he removes the wood from the axe, hits it again and it gets stuck once more and he walks out of view from the camera.
the boat takes off and shows several shots of people riding on wake boards and girls looking off into the distance.
woman is doing a javelin throw in a big green field.
A man holds an arrow in a bow, and then a cavalry  fight and throw arrows to a man wearing an armor.
A nun walks to the front and breaks a board with her hand.
She then cuts a nail, glues it onto the craft, followed by mixing more paint onto the nail.
They fall on their back on the stairs.
A red ball hits a yellow ball in front of a woman.
a lot of people are walking by the subway in an open area.
men put the other bike down and is putting them the remaining screws and parts on the floor.
He moves on to make another drink and adds fresh lime, simple syrup and chopped plums into a glass.
The customer and the bartender shake hands.
A boy talks to the camera from behind a row of shoes.
The boy tries to walk in large shoes.
The boy tries to put on another pair of shoes.
She picks up a zucchini off the counter.
She starts slicing a zucchini on a cutting board.
He moves over to the truck and goes into more detail about the repair that he is getting ready to do.
He continues to show different components of the repair that he will which include an air compressor tire clamps.
This woman is showing viewers how to use an elliptical trainer.
She is moving her body at a steady pace and she is working most of her muscles.
Four women are in the studio playing harmonica.
He rides a motorbike through the shop, and out through the garage.
One of the team member trips over one of the pucks and falls to the ice.
The players begin to clear off the ice for the next game.
Then, the camera shows the man that fell as he hold his nose in pain and exits the room.
Ski lifts pass above the ski track.
A man holds a child, then he releases the child who ski alone in the hill followed by his father.
An adult and a child ski on the hill.
The father grabs the child and they stop skiing.
A girl is shown in several shots putting makeup on and leads into her putting makeup for her chin and lips.
They are shown jumping  off cliffs into the water before rafting again.
BMX racing is shown from preparation to the race.
She then lays down on the table.
She gets a clamp put under her eye pinching the skin.
A man is standing behind him with his arms folded.
Green and black balloons are shown.
A teen boy talks in a public place while remember his martial arts competition.
The teen boy competes karate with other boy while a person film him.
The teen shows his trophies.
The teen boys performs martial arts.
A little girl climbs to the top of a slide.
a a man with a moustache is talking to the camera and showing some art works walking in street and in other places.
The hands use a match to light the contents of the foil paper on fire.
She begins to use the hula hoop.
She lays down on the ground and uses the hula hoop on her foot.
A girl is riding a riding lawnmower through a yard.
Another girl is dancing behind her.
We see a house with a new roof, and a close up of a man using a power washer to clean the tiles.
He sprays the shingles all over the roof.
These people are all shown watching the man keep the ball off of the ground for a long time and then everyone cheers.
They begin pulling in a game of tug of war.
A blonde woman plays with a flag while another woman is skiing on the back of the boat.
Behind them are another group of people playing and the man and woman continuously pass the ball back ad fourth to one another.
A oven is open and two cookie trays are shown as the contents begin to bake.
More people are seen playing instruments and the camera pans around to capture them all.
Someone is pouring some baking soda in their  in the sink, quite a bit actually and spreading it around using the box.
They then start to pour some vinegar down the sink.
Then they start to add in more baking soda.
A woman went down from the stairs walked towards the cycling machine then started to pedal.
People are in and around a pool doing various things.
A girl dives from a spring board in to the pool.
The person then throws the object far off into the distance while another man watches.
A video of bumper pool is shown.
A man is holding onto a black handle.
A man then washes the window as fast as he can and then walks away afterwards.
Another person holds up her nails and the girl continues speaking to the camera.
The person continues using the shiner and hows it off in the end.
The woman continue moving up and down with the man leading in front.
The girls perform martial arts around one another while people still cheer on the side.
More people jump in and take turns kicking and flipping around one another and end by bowing to the group.
A man stands on the start line of a track.
Then the man runs, skip and then jumps long over the sand box.
The long jump performed by the man is shown in slow motion.
A small group of people are seen standing around a lawn.
One person bends over to hit a ball wile others watch his movements.
The man then hits the ball and the others walk out of frame.
Some children are seen putting together and playing with toys bowling alleys.
The woman reads a book on a bed and then paint her nails.
After, the woman sits on front a computer screen and drinks from a cup, then the girl holds a white flower next to her face.
A kid on a long board kicks his board and starts skating around.
He starts turning the board side to side and then jumps off some stairs  and stuff.
The dog sneaks put of the house because the door was not closed all the way and the baby comes stumbling out after the dog.
The baby falls into the pool trying to keep himself afloat.
The video leads into several funny home videos of dogs leading young children in strollers around areas.
The video continues with many dogs moving as well as kids leading the dogs around as well.
A man is sitting at a table completing a rubiks cube.
He writes something down on a piece of paper.
A man is seen hosting a news segment that shows clips of various floats moving down a rapid with people inside.
A man is seen speaking to another in front of a large group and one man walks up stairs.
He raises his arm while a camera follows him from behind.
He sticks his arms out and jumps into a pool in the end.
The players shoot back as he runs at top speed.
A man on a snowboard talks to the camera using a selfie stick.
A man is riding a bike and jumps into the water.
A slow motion replay is played of him jumping into the water.
The lady washes her face with a blue towel then rinses her face again.
The lady smiles at the camera and the scene ends.
Two teams are playing ice hockey.
The green team go to their team area.
The teams are standing around next to their assigned areas.
Fans stand with a look of concern.
The referee talks to a suited member.
The credits of clip are shown.
Two teens join the children and karate fight.
The two teens bow after their fight.
The two children move backwards as the teens leave.
There are a lot of different action shows taking place.
Several kids are playing beach volleyball on an enclosed, sand volleyball court.
He finishes shaving, and cleans up what is left with the shaver.
An eye doctor talks as we cut to scenes of a woman putting her contacts in.
The lady wipes her hands on a towel near a sink.
A woman is standing and showing her hairstyle from different angles.
They even play tug of frisbee for a while and the dog may win or the woman may win.
People who practice Capoeira perform and do flips outside in the grass as other performers form a ring and watch.
Five people bend over in the grass as a small boy flips over their backs.
We see more kids and people flip through.
A man falls mid flip.
Several individuals are seated in stationary bumper cars.
The cars begin to move and the camera focuses on a woman and a child.
The cars stop and the individuals get out of them.
Several objects are shown followed by a person drawing on a pumpkin.
A woman stands in front of a crowd of people on a public sidewalk and dances with a male dance partner in ballroom style dance.
A person is seen moving along a flooded road when a car takes off and he rides behind on a board.
The camera pans around kitchen and shows the woman cooking more ingredients.
An intro leads into a close up of a horse followed several effects on a clip of people riding horses.
More shots of people riding around on horses are shown playing a game with sticks and hitting a ball.
The men ride around with their sticks in the air cheering and play more of the game with their sticks in the air.
A young boy is standing in the gym of the University of South Florida and begins to start jumping rope.
The male then starts doing flips and rolls across the floor and continues doing a series of jumps.
Near the end,he does a split,nods to the judges and looks at the screen for his score.
two men are talking in a gym holding big freezers on their backs.
man close the drawer and keep walking.
A man is bent over holding on to a weight with lots of weight on it.
He lifts up above his head and jumps his feet apart.
He stands straight up again and drops the weight down to the ground.
The woman ski down the hills fast and then stop immediately.
Two camel are sitting in a field.
Four women ride two camels as a man holds the reins.
There's a little girl dressed in a lime green outfit playing in an indoor play structure.
Then she begins swinging on one of the swings and enjoys herself.
A man talks and put spaghetti in a pot with bowling water.
A lady talk into a microphone on a set of outdoor steps.
We see a lady knitting and being interviewed.
We see two people being interviewed and the knitting lady.
We see the lady on the stairs again.
We see two people trying to hit a pinata with a stick.
The lady moves from the pinata toward the man and swings.
The man backs away from the lady.
The lady takes off her blindfold and walks away.
The girl sends two blue and one yellow puck forward.
The girl moves a blue puck back in place then pushes it forward.
the girl walks down the court.
He does the same with the other foot and then take both shoes off to show.
The lady brushes her hair and discusses.
The lady parts her hair with her fingers.
After,a woman with a black brace around her middle section is pictured doing the exact same thing and does several sets and a different man follows her exact same actions.
More people from different genders and background walk into the gym and they too position themselves to pick up the bar.
She continues playing the instrument and stops by walking out of frame.
Once all of the ingredients are added,the man begins to stir them up and mashing them all together.
Then, a girl wearing white t-shirt jumps high to hit the ball and the team wins.
A boy is standing in a bathroom squirting cleanser on his hand and washing his face.
Once his face is lathered completely he grabs hands full of water and rinses his face off until all of the soap is off.
The scuba divers are shown in a close up as they come out of the water.
She does several flips on the bar.
A woman is sitting on a toilet in a bathroom while talking.
She begins washing her leg with the soap while talking.
Afterward, she smooths lotion onto her leg.
A guy moves the net around.
Several people are on a beach, and they shake hands in greeting.
They warm up, then start a small game of volleyball.
They lob the ball back and forth over the net.
They go under a rock and through a tunnel.
Various shots of people are shown as well a bowling balls being thrown down a lane.
A large group of people are seen dancing around a room with a woman leading in front.
He shows his fingers and how he puts them a certain way.
A board is shown close up to the camera.
A timer or clock is held in front of it before a man appears to wipe down the board.
A man in a blue shirt is standing by the water talking.
The girl and guy are in a swimming pool practicing wake boarding.
A person is then seen taking off a pair of shoes in front of him.
The man sets the shots in between his legs and speaks to the camera.
A person walks up to the side of a pool.
They make a splash as they hit the water below.
When the video does eventually start,a man is outside of a large mountain climbing the wall.
As he progresses up the rock,there are several hooks along the way and he takes the clips from around his harness and clips them to the next hook on the rocks.
A woman is seen standing before a platform with a dog on top speaking to the camera.
The woman then begins brushing the dog along it's fur and cutting it to groom.
A woman is feeding a child she is holding.
A woman begins adding ingredients to a bowl on a counter and she mixes the ingredients together.
She puts the mixture on top of a rice cake.
The people then take their turn dancing in a competition.
The lady hops in place.
We see 6 couples dancing together.
Baby farm animals are touched by children.
Then, the toddler sits on front the castle while the baby sits on front the castle.
A lady follows the toddler, and then stands.
An elderly man nearby gets up and adjusts blue mats under the double bars, and the woman finishes her routine and jumps off the bars, lands on her two feet and waves to the audience as they all clap and cheer and some even give her a standing ovation.
A cat is on the screen with a title of the video.
They pass some puddles and keep walking.
The dog stops to sniff the wall as the cat continues on.
The camera moves to in front of the animals.
We see many people competing in a skiing competition, and traveling together in groups to the next slopes.
The woman speaks into a microphone leading a class while riding on a bike as well as weight lifting.
We see two pieces of ancient Asian art.
A statue sits outside surrounded by trees.
Once the camera pans out,the man's robe drops and the guy reveals that he is wearing a diaper.
The man then cuts up vegetables and mixes them up with other ingredients and speaking to the camera.
He is moving his hand while he's welding.
A man in a a red shirt gets stuck.
The boy continues swinging at the pinata and pauses to speak to the camera nervously.
A commercial advertising dog grooming services exhibits displaying a series of still images to market the dog grooming business.
Still shots of a dog grooming parlor exterior along with pictures of dogs, groomed dogs, and the interior of the grooming facility appear.
A picture of a dog in a metal bathtub appears along with several other dogs standing in the facility and receiving eye brow trimming, nail clipping, and hair cuts exhibits.
A river of water is shown.
Next,a little girl begins to walk her dog holding his leash as she is being pushed in a stroller.
Several more kids are shown doing the same thing in different locations,ranging from the beach,in doors,and at the park.
The lady adds 3 liquors and lemon juice.
Finally, she pours the drink into a martini glass and lifts the glass in the air.
The credits and final products of the clip are shown.
A person is preparing some treats.
Other ingredients and flour are mixed in a measuring cup.
A scoop is used to place this mix into a baking pan.
The baking pan is placed in an oven.
The credits and final products of the video are shown.
The man then reaches in an envelope held by a woman.
The man stands in front of a mirror and shaves half his mustache and half his beard.
A person is seen walking into frame and begins putting handle bars onto a bike frame.
The man finishes putting the tire on and puts on a seat on the frame.
A clip of a tv show is shown with a man sitting at a table with a woman and getting up.
He then walks to the bathroom and notices the chef doesn't wash his hands.
We see a man standing out front speaking to the camera.
Various bubbles are seen under water followed by a scuba diver swimming around and fish moving under the water.
The camera captures several objects seen under the water as well as several divers looking closer.
A car pas fast on a road behind the camels.
A man pulls a camel with a rope and other camel follows behind.
A lady and a man dance together as people sit at tables.
A man in a plaid shirt walks in front of the camera.
The man lets go of the woman and snaps his fingers.
A man pushes a cart with silver containers on it past the dancers.
A man in hip hip clothes walks past.
The camera pans left and wee see people at a table covered with bottles, cans, and cups.
A kid playing beer pong with some adults attempts to throw a ball into a red cup.
One of the adults takes hold of the ball and hands it to his friend.
Several close ups of makeup is shown and leads into the woman putting the makeup onto another.
People are on front a board in a park holding bowling pins.
Then, people talks in a bowling center, wile males trowing bowling bowls.
A few flips and turns are made before the girl dismounts and another walks on.
A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into several people riding around on horses.
The group then begin playing a game of badminton with one another.
Two youth teams play soccer on an indoor field.
Numerous highlight clips of the game action are shown.
Two men are seen playing a game of fooseball outside with one another with a boy in the background.
The men move the poles all around and kick the ball with their players.
A large group of people are seen sitting in tubes followed by riding up a side and a boy riding down the hill.
A camera is shown walking all around a roof with a hand appearing every once in a while to touch the roof.
A large group of kids are seen standing around a classroom while two boys hold up another boy by his legs.
They flip the boy onto the table and the camera pans around to a person's feet.
Then they rise up again and continue sailing till they have to duck down again to avoid another bridge.
They pass by other people on kayaks as they sail along.
Then they get off the kayaks and stand on the river banks to look over the river.
Then get back on the kayaks and sail on further.
They reach a picnic spot where the little girls enjoy themselves on hammocks.
A close up of a plane is seen followed by a woman sitting behind a desk and another speaking to the camera.
A woman with a white apron and pink shirt appears in a kitchen and begins talking.
After,the counter is shown and there is a cut out tulip in cookie dough.
A referee is standing behind a table.
They turn around and come towards the camera.
More people are seen walking around with gear on and aiming guns.
People gesture to themselves and continue to aim off in the distance and run around.
A man in a button down blue shirt and red tie is sitting in a chair playing with his hair.
After,the woman stands up,sprays his hair and begins to style it with her fingers moving it to the left of his face.
A person puts oil, salt and pasta in a pot with hot water.
Then, the person adds butter and stir, after he add wine and the cooked pasta.
The person puts pepper, herbs and Parmesan on top the part and stir the mix, then he serves the pasta on a dish with a piece of meat.
Now there are women playing sand volleyball at a different location and they are closer to a lot of buildings and on this day it has a very gloomy with a foggy sky.
The women back at a beach on a sunny day with a blue sky and are playing volleyball next to other people playing volleyball as well as people around them watching.
We see the blue opening screen.
A lady is guiding a young lady through an exercise.
The girl sits down, then gets on one knee and sits back down.
We see a title screen on beige.
The couple behind the lady laugh.
Various pictures of a child smoking and cigarettes are shown, followed by a man speaking to the camera and kids smoking cigarettes.
Several shots of kids smoking are shown as well as city areas, and followed by a man wearing glasses speaking to the camera.
A woman surfs on a yellow surf board.
All of the video is text next to an unmoving picture of a woman.
The man then spins his whole boy and throws the hammer.
The man stands and looks at the hammer.
He puts the cube back down.
A tv host talks about a bowling match.
Men on different teams bowl during a competition at a bowling ally.
Men give interviews during the bowling competition.
The tv host closes the story.
A blond girl dressed in a blue hoodie grooms a black horse.
The blond girl wipes down the black horse with a blue wipe brush removing excess hair switching back and forth to different brushes.
The groomer brushes the horses mane.
The video shows clips of various fails in athletics where people fall through mistakes and hurt themselves accidentally.
There are three girls on a field where on slips and falls.
Another set of people hurt themselves when one person does a wrong back flip and falls.
Cheerleaders practicing in a gym fall down when another person comes running and bumps into them.
One of the cheerleader is lifted up high by her group but falls down on them when she lands on the ground.
A woman is running on a beach.
Then she is shown in a gym, jumping rope amongst boxing bags and jumping on a tire.
She is then shown in numerous poses in a bikini, as well as praying and meditating.
Two women are seen speaking to the camera while various decorations are sitting inbetween them.
She than hangs ornaments on the tree and leads back into the women speaking.
The girl speaks to the camera while looking off into the distance and continues painting the toe nails.
It's all about adding oxygen at the right time once you have started a nice fire.
Also, if the fire is dead or dying you just hit it with a little bit more oxygen and it will help bring it back up .
A camera pans around a large olympic arena and then leads into a show of an athlete throwing a shot put.
People play croquet in the field.
A man hits a long shot down a slope.
A man hits the ball through multiple gates in a row and finally hits the post.
A small group of people are seen lifting a large object into the back of a van and close ups of them and a building.
The people are seen riding around a large gymnasium on roller blades performing various flips and tricks.
A young man ring a flat bell on front a ping pong table.
The young man and person move around the ping pong racket.
Then, the young man serves the ball and both start to play.
A man in a black robe is doing martial arts before a crowd.
They are doing various moves, kicks, and sticks.
woman hold the horse paw and cleans the horseshoe.
A woman is seen climbing onto a camel and smiling into the camera while men stand behind her and watch.
The camel stands up and walks around a sandy area while the woman hangs on tight.
The camera zooms in on the camel's face and lays down while the man grabs him and the woman climbs off.
A man is axing a tree trunk.
Three black and white chocolate crinkles are places on a small blue saucer.
In another bowl,a nice proportion of flour is whisked and then poured in the bowl with the other mix.
Finally,siram wrap is placed over the bowl and put into the oven at 350.
On a baking pan, a sheet of paper baking paper is placed on the pan and scoops of the chocolate are made and rolled into the the flour.
The man window demonstrates the use of the secure click lock product when washing a window.
We see a man bending over a large weight and it states it's 160 kg on the screen.
The man drops the weight to the ground.
We see the colorful ending title screen.
Several people stop to interview, talking to the camera and a person with a microphone.
A group of dirt bikers are at the top of a hill.
They  race around the track and over numerous hills.
A blue slack line is attached to two trees outside in an open field.
After,more Cobra Slacklines are shown as well as other advertisements for the object.
A woman in a pink shirt is standing behind a counter.
She starts wrapping a present using a tape gun.
A group of woman run an outdoor marathon.
A group of women in FAB 50 neon green t-shirts is shown at an outdoor event with tents at night.
A large group of women and a few men are then shown jogging past a start line in an outdoor marathon.
The last few still shots are of women throwing their arms up in victory and taking one last posed, group shot.
Then, the brunette and a lady wears saris, then do belly dance while the blonde woman explains on front.
Other women join the belly dance and move their hips, then the blonde talks to the dancers.
A wide shot of a studio with judges and an audience.
Men holding drums perform a song on stage at "Belgum's Got Talent".
Some of the men drop their drums and do acrobatics and fighting on stage.
A piece of meat if being taken off of a plate and laid down on a flat surface.
After, a cheese grater is present and the person begins to grate carrots and cut tomatoes and puts them all in a bowl together.
The video begins to go in a slow motion pace as the man gets ready to perform the vault.
A small group of people are seen standing on a stage playing instruments and wearing scotsman uniforms.
The people continue playing with one another and move to the center of the stage.
The man continues to play as others stop to watch.
The man and the machine hit the ball back and forth.
Someone is brushing his teeth with a toothbrush.
She continues to speak while pointing to a person sitting on a horse.
The camera turns around and shows a tree.
There are three kids are at the park having a good time together.
They are all on a tire swings building up their speed.
She starts to move them around on the grill using her spatula.
Then she takes a little bit of sauce from a jar and puts it on the toppings.
Next she puts vegetables on the plate and adds more stuff to the grill.
Then she puts oil around the bread she has self made on the grill and she puts everything that was on the grill onto the sandwich.
She is now done and it's ready to get served to someone.
A cat is behind held by a woman as she takes out a pair of clippers and cuts her nails.
She is finally finished,and starts to mess with the cat and the cat tries to bite her.
The band continues to play and then the four people with the cymbals stop playing and begin to turn around as the band continues to play.
The gate opens, and they take off.
They go over hills and around curves trying to win the race.
Several shots are shown of the man spraying paint while the camera pans around him from various angles.
Two women are on a tennis court, showing the technique to posing and hitting the ball.
Several men are shown in various location lifting them selves up in a planking position on two bars.
A man is seen breaking dancing in front of the camera while another man speaks in between.
The two men are then seen speaking to the camera and one begins demonstrating how to properly perform a break dancing move.
people on the lake is kayaking slowy.
He swings the ax, and people next to him help build a fire.
He lifts the beard, trimming the underside as well.
He grooms the beard, smoothing it with his hand.
A man puts chalk on his hands.
People watching him clap their hands.
People are running across a finish line of a race.
Someone puts a medal around another person's neck.
His brother grabs a parrot from its cage, He puts the parrot on his hand and points to the star on the tree whenever he puts his hand out and another one flies towards him.
He and his brother begin putting lights on and decorating the entire christmas tree.
The birds seem like a very big part of the family and are very well trained.
A chef demonstrates how to sharpen a knife in a kitchen.
Still pictures of people standing and scattered in a wooden house.
They then rip the wax off, removing the hair.
She shows off two hair styling products she has and grabs the shampoo.
She blow dryers her hair.
She arranges her hair around and shows off the styled hair.
A large blue and yellow tube is shown.
We see the second dog up close.
One dog runs around the man while the second dog walks past.
She poses with her baton, and begins dancing.
She flips and spins the baton as she dances.
She finishes with a graceful bow before leaving the gym.
A "Devin Super Tramp" logo appears on screen.
Skateboarders roll through the balloons and up the walls.
A video subscription link and credits appear on screen.
It stops and throws the man onto the ground.
People are walking in a snow covered parking lot.
The camera operator turns the camera on herself.
The lady the begins moving stiffly by moving her feet and extending her arms.
They walk very slowly up the gravel path on the stilts, trying to keep their balance.
A man is seen yelling to a crowd and leads into clips of people break dancing.
Several clips are seen of people taking turns in the middle of a circle performing flips and tricks.
A small group of people are seen sitting in bumper cars on a track.
The game then begins and people are seen riding around in the cars.
A man in an orange shirt is playing wall ball.
A woman takes a selfie while sits on a horse.
The people continuing performing together and ends by holding their fans up.
A lady in a green blouse vacuums a wooden kitchen floor.
Three women are dancing in a room.
A woman is seen sitting before the drums and hitting them as hard as she can.
A person is seen swimming under water with dolphins swimming past and a man speaking to the camera.
They continue to trade off showing their skills.
The person then spins around on the bars while a man watches on the side.
The doctor uses a brush to scrub nails and hands.
The cat tries to get free.
A wheelbarrow and chairs are in a yard, while a man begins grooming a horse in the background.
The man is washing a side of the car.
She picks up a ping pong and starts hitting it with a paddle.
She continues hitting ping pong balls across the table.
A kids in orange shirts started to jumped in the jumping ropes one by one first then two at time, then the kids danced and performed and then do jumping ropes again.
A marching band is standing on a track playing.
A man in a hat is holding a camera in front of the band.
A man is kneeling down on one knee holding a weight.
The man starts to light the weight with only his right arm.
A man roller skates in the road and sidewalk of a busy street.
A large audience is seen cheering while a man stands ready and runs down a track.
He goes down jumps and flips and spins.
An adult walks into frame.
A chocolate muffin is sitting on a decorative small white plate with colorful insects and flowers.
Sugar is now being poured into a clear glass measuring cup, poured into the bowl of the kitchen aid mixer, eggs are added, then the mixer is turned on to mix it all up.
Flour is now poured into the measuring cup, added to the kitchen aid mixer, and now the melted chocolate is added and all the ingredients are mixed together.
The person sprays the muffin pan with non stick spray,spoons the mixed ingredients into the muffin pan, then puts it in the oven to bake.
Several clips are shown of landscapes while a car drives around and leads into a person walking up stairs and pointing to a house.
People stand on a nearby pier and watch the person.
The man throws it again and the dog returns it.
The man wipes the Frisbee off with a towel.
A man wearing a black t-shirt describes the parts of a bagpipe and blow pipe.
They pour the ingredients into a blender.
They pour it out of the blender into a glass.
A young child is seen holding a stick and swinging at a pinata that is hanging above her.
After, two boys plays and one of then scores.
People continue jumping one another the other with the man's guidance.
The teen jumps flipping the skateboard with his feet and lands on the skateboard.
The teen flips the skateboard with his feet and land on the skateboard to continue skateboarding.
He then sets up, playing for the passing people alongside another man.
a man is talking from behind a black jack table in a casino.
A female dealer waits patiently beside him.
He shows how to deal the hands during the game.
They pass fields and houses, and one loan truck parked on the side of the road.
The girl then climbs up on the beam and begins performing jumps and tricks on the beam.
The woman continues flipping around and ends by putting her arms up after jumping down.
A bald man in shorts is standing next to a tree in position to hit the ball using a hammer like stick.
A man walks towards the other side of the yard, hit the ball and the wall went to the other side of the yard, a man bend over and hit the ball with the stick, the ball roll and missed the rectangular hole.
Four men are standing by the pool holding hammer like sticks and hit the ball.
A woman is sitting down talking.
She holds up two white mugs.
A cartoon comes on the screen.
An elderly man is standing in a basketball gym watching a young team of athletes practice.
The man then runs down the track and jumps into a large sand pit.
The video is how to properly wash your hands.
Two teams are playing volleyball in a indoor court.
Two teams wearing dark uniforms are doing a  volleyball competition, then appears a team with yellow t-shirts.
Then, a boy with a red t-shirt serves the ball and the teams start to hit and running to pass the ball, then another team wearing green shorts enters the court.
After, team wearing blue uniform competes with teams wearing white and red uniforms.
Someone is painting their fingernails.
They use a paintbrush and start painting on the fingernail.
People dance in a studio while a trainer shows a sign.
Then, a group of little girls dance together while a trainer explains the moves.
A man is jumping and doing tricks on a slack line.
People are sitting in the snow watching him.
An intro leads into a small ground of boys moving their arms and legs around behind chairs.
A person's feet are shown in a large pile.
The man is then spotted again throwing out his field hockey stick before the scene cuts to another location with number eight this time hitting a goal.
A man is playing golf on a field.
He bends down to pick up the ball off the ground.
The angle changes and a close up of his next is shown then his lips to show proper breathing for playing the flute.
A man dressed in a white polo is standing outside of a building talking with two tennis balls in his hand.
The man looks off in the distance and throws the object far away.
The woman then walks off appears to spit in the sink and then gets another cup to drink out of and swishes more liquid in her mouth.
There are several people wearing helmets and wet suits walking down a road, carrying a raft in their hand.
A group of six rafters get into a yellow raft and begin rowing down the river.
They begin to pick up speed as they row down the river against the rough waters.
They pass by some other rafters who are also rowing down the river.
Then they come closer together and begin splashing water on them.
The rafters on the yellow raft continue rowing through the rough waters as they give each other high fives.
Three people are seen standing around a closed in area and lead into the people hitting balls with a tennis racket.
People are standing on a stage playing instruments.
Two men are playing harmonica's.
A young man is seen standing on a long track with another boy sitting behind him when he pushes a puck with a stick.
He walks away to another boy taking his turn to play shuffleboard and ends by cheering with his arms up.
In this video, a male instructor speaks to the camera in a gym.
The boy then continues performing as his instructor's direction.
There's also people clapping and one team who was sitting in the sand stands up to act crazy.
There is also people waving in the small crowd and the team is singing.
A lady smiles and guys cheer.
Women belly dance indoors for an audience.
The credits and clip are shown.
A picture of a man with a hat is shown.
He is then shown balancing on a rope in front of a crowd.
He walks across the rope.
He raises the handlebars with a lever.
He raises the seat on the bicycle.
Four women and a man are doing jumping rope in a court, they jumped front and back and side to side.
Three women jumped in the jumping ropes and perform cartwheel.
The group did individual jumping rope and danced.
A man in blue helps a woman point towards a pinata and backs away.
Then, the woman close the drain stopper by pulling a rod behind the faucet, after she continues cleaning the sink.
Next, the woman cleans the faucet and handles.
A black screen is shown with white letters on it serving as the title screen.
After, the video begins and a person walking down the road in Kangaroo boots is shown.
A closing sponsoring screen with "The Green Roof Inn" logo appears.
A small group of kids are seen playing a hopscotch match with one another while taking turns jumping on the chalk.
A girl is doing the splits on a balance beam.
Suddenly, a man runs on front the men and bend to grab a small ball and left.
behind the girl is a guitar case hanging behind the door.
A black screen appears and on two separate screens the words "BANGKOK" appear on one and "Vans Go Skateboarding Day 2014"appear on the other.
A person on a skateboard is holding onto the back of a moped that someone is driving.
A bald man screams and pretends to cry while looking in a mirror.
He gives a list of things you will need to take care of a bald head.
A man is child are seen standing in front of a pile of leaves holding rakes.
The girl continues to rake leaves while looking around and back to the camera.
A man is shown at the window outside a house.
Then two teens throw balls to a team of people wearing red t-shirts.
A person from the red team runs to get a ball.
A girl dumps sand into a large bucket.
A woman opens a piece of paper and reads it to the group before handing the buckets to the kids.
A dog is seen at one point riding on the skis while two people hold onto her for safety.
At one point the people switch around their positions and the camera man lets go while gliding into the water.
The woman makes holes in the center of four cakes, then pile the cakes putting frosty between them.
Next, the woman puts white frosty around the cake and even the dress, then make groves.
A brown bull being taunted by spectators corners a man wearing a baseball hat and rams him into a wall then tosses him into the air.
A woman is seen bending over speaking to the camera and leads into her mopping the floor.
She sprays water around the sink and continues mopping the floor while dancing.
The girl then dries the floor with a towel and still dances around the floor.
The kids are swimming at the same time in a blue pool, they pushed themselves off the wall of the pool then did a butterfly strokes.
An old man in white shirt was talking, then the young men played a yellow ball in the pool, they also played soccer in the pool, then swim.
A gymnast is seen jumping up onto a set of uneven bars and swinging herself round and round.
A group of people parasail in rocky ocean water on an overcast day.
A gymnast balances on a parallel bar.
The man quickly closses his legs while balancing on the parallel bar.
The man is on a kayak, he is padding through the water, falling through the small falls.
Then we see a team of lacrosse players on a field, a green arrow pointing to the girl from the photo.
The girls play heavily, chasing the ball around the field.
The man then begins peeling tiles off of a roof while the camera zooms in on his actions.
A person bungee jumps off the tower.
They land on a yellow mat and take their harness off.
A woman is then seen dancing in front of the band playing moving all around the stage and ending with a pose and a bow.
A young toddler boy is standing in front of a sink with an electrical toothbrush,brushing his teeth.
Someone then comes by him and helps hip operates his toothbrush.
The young boy then figures it out and starts talking about the toothbrush and begins laughing.
A man plays a violin on a stage.
A man is on a playground with his dogs.
The man jokes like he is out of control on the lawnmower.
Shots of people on a boat are shown that leads from steering the boat to hanging off the front.
More shots are shown of the people enjoying the boat as well as walking on an island.
They wind surf, jump off boats, dance, ride motorcycles, and walk along sandy beaches all in one montage.
A person is seen riding in on a horse in front of a large group of people.
The person chases and calf and ropes him up while walking away.
Several more shots are shown of people chasing cattle in after riding on a horse.
A young man is outside attempting to do a highjump behind the London logo.
Another male is then shown as he takes off and clears the bar of the high jump and there's an instant replay.
After,various images of pro athletes and high jumpers are shown before the man comes back to talk.
Various images are then shown of people drinking Gatorade before the man comes back to talk and starts to stretch.
A person is seen unscrewing an outlet while speaking to the camera and showing how to properly roll wall paper onto a wall.
She pulls the paper off  and rolls along the wall with a flat object and using a knife to cut down the sides.
More clips are shown of people playing as well as speaking to the camera and shaking hands.
The man is hitting the woman lightly with the red balloon, while holding the baby and the woman laughs.
A boy plays piano in a living room where there are two people.
A person next to the boy film the boy playing the piano.
then, boy talk behind the boy.
The man begins an interview with another man named MILOS RAONIC and just like before, various clips of tennis matches in different scenes are alternating between the interview.
She separates her hair into sections, and begins braiding it.
She completes the braid and clips it into place.
Out on cross lake a man is walking dragging his equipment behind him.
He finds a little hole in the ice and sets up to fish, moving around here and there before finally settling in his chair.
Then, the woman drops the weight to the floor.
We see a lady talking and standing in a kitchen.
The lady talks and we see her add strawberries to a glass.
He then puts the stick down stomping on it and leads into him with other men curling.
The men continue to push the pucks around and shake hands in the end while walking away and scenery is shown.
The woman stands up when she sees a person running wiht a stick preparing to land on the blue beam.
A woman tries to solves a cube puzzle.
Then, people lift weight and exercise, also the man lift weight.
A man sits on the sidewalk pouring water on his hands and washes his face.
A lady in a polka dot shirt stands in a kitchen talking.
The lady puts the white container over a strainer into the glass bowl.
The lady pours the lemon juice into a  larger glass pitcher.
A young man wearing a hat is seen playing a set of drums in front of an audience while they record him.
More people are seen playing guitars and singing along while the man continues playing drums along with the song.
A man bends down wearing a mask and starts welding.
He then starts welding again.
man is holding the board and walking out the lake.
These three males are all being active outdoors and in the beginning, one is roller blading, another one walking and another one jogging.
Next a man is shown roller blading all by himself in the streets, sidewalks, and over huge rocks.
One by one he removes the clay tiles.
Every time he removes a tile several bats fly out.
Many bats fly out from the roof.
A woman and child are slide down the playground slide.
Woman lands on the  ground while holding the child.
A lady reaches and helps the child up.
The lady helps the woman up.
The boy walked in the living room carrying a flat iron and board with blue cloth on it, he ironed the shirt and wear the shirt.
A boy sits in a room wearing a hat.
He blows it through a cardboard tube.
He repeats this action again.
The man chases around the calf and attempts to tie up the calf.
Several shots of alcohol as well as ingredients are shown followed by a person pouring a mixture into a glass and cutting up limes.
The person squeezes the limes as well as adding more ingredients and shaking them up together and presenting in a cocktail glass.
A man in a green and blue wet suit surfs on a rough series of waves in the ocean at the beach.
A man in a wet suit is seen walking along the shore and past a large hill of sand where a large truck is adding sand to the mound next to sandbags on the ground.
The man is then seen surfing with his knees bent and at times, being swallowed up by entire waves in the ocean water.
A table is shown with earrings and items on it.
A man with a pony tail lifts up one of the drums.
The men continue playing with one another and shows several slow motion clips of the game in the end.
As he finishes, we see him dancing as a stream of water appears to the left from a fountain.
A group of kids gather on a room full of trampolines.
They throw a bunch of balls off screen.
As he finishes,another person approaches the bars as well as a coach.
They are on the field just playing the game waiting to see what they should do next.
A small group of people are seen sitting around with a woman bending down in front of a man's leg.
The woman rubs a razor all along the man's leg and other people in the room react to the shaving.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy stands smiling while his picture is being taken.
A view is shown of the sphinx and pyramid in Egypt.
A man runs all the way down the field to the other side and another man throws the ball in the net and makes a goal.
A man is on a physical therapy rail in a building.
He uses the railing to help himself guide and walk forward.
He then goes backward, slowly and cautiously taking each step.
The man then incorporates the use of the punching bag to demonstrate block, jab and foot work moves on the bag.
After, the girl shows the braid and blows a kiss with both hands.
a woman is standing on an ice rink talking to a man.
They start scrubbing the ice in front of a ball.
She does the splits on the ground.
Different people are featured riding down the slope on inner tubes.
A close up of a girls face while she is riding down the slope on an inner tube.
More scenes of different people sliding down the slope on inner tubes.
A large tractor is driving through a field.
It is pulling a plow behind it.
We we boys in diaper sumo gear running around in a gym, the boys then begin to wrestle.
We see two of the boys being interviewed by two men.
The boys wrestle again and we see images of men wrestlers.
We see a circus show in an empty stadium.
We see scene of the city with buildings and people.
Four girls walked inside the red barn, a man and woman were talking, then a man with mustache and other guy in yellow shirt threw the white balls and fell in red cup.
Two men threw the balls in the cups in the opposite side of the table, while the girl in orange threw the ball to the opposite side of the table, a guy with mustache took the ball in the cup, threw it on opposite side and gave a high five to the other guy.
The guy threw the ball in opposite side but the girl in orange blew the ball away, then the she threw the ball to the other side of the table.
A man talked to the waitress, raised his finger with money then placed it in her jean's belt, and let her go.
The person moves the stick all along the windows while the camera captures it's movements.
The man then touches paper that is near to him and the words on the screen indicate they are sheet music that's available at www dot FreeDrumLessons dot com and he continues to talk.
When the man is done talking he begins to play the drums for a short while, resumes back to talking and does this back and forth with playing and talking until he ends the lesson with just talking.
A woman stands and discusses before beginning a dish.
The cookie dough is placed in a pan and set into an oven.
The lady eats a baked good and shares with her dog.
She finishes her routine with a few more spins and presenting her stick into the air.
A man is standing in his yard.
A man in a lab coat is talking as he also visits with patients.
Several advertisements flash across the screen.
The screen cuts to advertisements.
A city street is shown with cars driving down the street.
A woman who is the coach talks with the camera, as do some of the dance mothers.
The girls hug at the end of the competition.
More shots are shown of the area as well as people riding in the tubes and walking with the tubes.
The goalie spins on the ground.
We see still of men in soccer gear.
They then get up with jump ropes and the two begin doing various types of jumps.
There's an artist painting a square canvas board with several acrylic colors using a flat brush in a studio.
Then she uses a sharp blade to scrap off some paint in horizontal strokes.
She goes over the surface with additional yellow paint and adds some more blue and white strokes over the thick paint coated surface of the canvas.
A woman is seen close up standing in front of a car.
The gymnasts jumps up and mounts the platform.
The gymnast swings his legs and body using hand grips on a platform.
The gymnast bows then joins coaches.
A person is standing, preparing to throw the hammer in track and field on a the field in a large stadium.
The person spins their body and let's go of the string on the hammer and it flies across the field.
Two men run out and measure the distance.
The scores are posted and the person who threw jumps and claps and runs to the wall to talk to family in the crowd.
A group of people paint a wooden fence white outside of a house.
Two people are in a Corvette with black interior and the driver begins turning the wheel.
One he stops, the passenger gets out with his surfboard and grabs a green string.
He then puts his feet in the surfboard and gets in the river next to the road.
The driver begins going to fast and the surf boarder gets off and gets out of the water.
The driver continues driving down the road until he finds where he lost his friends.
The passenger then gets in the car and they go down the road.
The dogs fur is trimmed by a groomer.
The groomer brushes and trims the back of the dog.
The dog jumps out of a carrier bag and plays with a ball.
First the man introduces himself and what he does.
Next he gives an introduction to materials and an understanding of pigments and he talks in between his lessons.
A sports clips is shown of  man throwing a shot put down the length of the field.
A man is then shown speaking to the camera before it cuts back to the first athlete who is then shown throwing a shot put again, but from a different angle.
Various people speak to the camera as the athlete is shown again making more throws.
The same various people are shown speaking while he continues to throw the shot put down the field with a huge amount of strength.
Several people are boating on the ocean.
They are in a competition, racing toward the shore.
Numbers indicate where the finish line is as they reach them.
They speed up their dancing as they go along.
As the music ends, the women stop dancing and talk.
The man sits on top of the kayak and then, puts his legs in the water while waving.
He is now shown standing on shore again pulling the cord of the paddle.
But then he gets on the kayak in the water again and brings the kayak close to shore and drags it on there.
A man is carving a face into a pumpkin.
A person puts a rock under the tire of a car.
They look through the owners manual.
They take the old tire off.
They put the new tire on.
They lower the jack on the car.
A group of people get off of a yellow school bus with life rafts around their neck and enter a foliage filled area leading to a body of water.
A woman is seen in the water in a kayak floating using a paddle to move in the water.
Children are seen entering the water area with floats as well as a pet dog in the area.
A dog is seen sitting a shower with a person whose running water all over the dog.
The person continues spraying water on the dog while the animal look off into the distance.
Three people are shown walking on sand followed by several more shots of people walking and pouring a drink.
A group of people are huddled together when a man begins running down the road and many other cheer and follow.
Three men are seen speaking to the camera with one pointing to the other two.
Some men get kissed and the others get slapped while still playing and smiling to the camera.
One man is seen pounding the tile to make it lye flat onto the cement because too much cement was put under the tile to try and make it fit on the cement.
they then get in the kayaks and slide down the ramp waterfall to get to the water.
A lady with no arms sits on the floor in front of a Christmas tree.
The lady cuts the paper with scissors.
The lady puts the box on the paper.
He uses a computer to monitor the process.
We then see a man playing a game of table tennis against a large robotic machine.
The credits of the clip are shown.
An individual tries to stop a charging bull.
the man take out the laces of the shoes and start polishing them with a little sponge and shoe varnish.
A close up of a lawn is seen followed by a person walking in holding a tool.
A child is seen licking a lollipop and smiling to the camera.
More clips are shown of the people licking lollipops and women speaking to the camera.
More women are seen making pops with the kids and showing them off in the end.
More clips of the game are shown back to back as well as players cheering and celebrating.
We see a wall with peeling and chipped paint.
We see the finished room.
The video will show how to assemble the parts for the bike wheel, and begins with the wheel being removed.
The tightness and evenness of the placement is double-checked.
More women are show shooting a bow and arrow off into the distance towards targets.
A man is standing on a field.
People are sitting down next to him watching.
A man prepares to jump from an elevated platform before finally bungee jumping over a narrow water source.
The man is standing on the edge of an elevated platform, high above a heavily forested environment with his torso wrapped in black straps and people in front of him preparing and strapping him up.
The man laughs and bends his knees while holding onto a railing while another person in a black hat faces him from the side.
The man jumps backwards and the person in front of him throws out the rest of his extended bungee cord as the man falls just above a narrow water source and bounces around suspended in the air by the bungee cord.
Eventually the man and little girl step out of frame.
She puts the brush down, sections her hair, then begins brushing the top section.
A lady shots a bow and arrow.
The arrow flies above the bullseye.
A greenish blue screen appears with a white drawing on the bottom right that is of 2 covered pots, and text written in a special effect style and they say "DREAM SCHOOL" and "DREAM SCHOOL'S GUIDE TO PERFECT PASTA" then another screen the words appear and say "WITH JAMIE OLIVER AND BEN CHAPMAN.
A close up shot of the pan is shown and a set of tongs are pouring the noodles and the sauce onto a white circular plate, and then it gets garnished.
The plate gets held up and people in the group have their own forks and are getting some pasta off the plate and are eating it.
The bull then runs over a man and the other tries to help but he ends up on the ground.
Another fight is shown and the bull is winning over the person in each video.
A man is seen playing a piano in the middle of a busy mall while people stand around him and watch.
A person is seen riding a wave along the water while many wad in the water around him and others head into the water.
Several shots of people surfing along the water are shown as well as boats in the area as well as landscapes.
She then lays by a fountain.
A person bounces and flips on a tight rope (slack line).
little girl is sitting on a table and have a glass of soda on the hand, other people is in the table and an elderly man toast with her.
the girl uses a napkin and clean her mouth and drinks again from the soda.
The trees are covered in snow.
A snow plow drove by.
The man continues speaking while the camera zooms in on a cup of coffee and the man takes a sip.
A boat is seen riding along a large lake with two people skiing on the back of the boat.
He shows a piece of wood, and begins to strip it with fluid.
A couple of people are standing in a warehouse and talking.
They are working on a bicycle.
A man uses a tool to help repair the bike.
The man is clapping his hands.
A man fills two cups with a liquid and sets it on a board.
He removes the cups and wipes the board off.
He rubs something on the board and lights it on fire.
A large crowd is seen sitting around a gymnasium while a gymnast stands ready on the side.
The gymnast then runs to a set of uneven bars and begins spinning herself around on the bars.
Next he begins ironing the red checkered long sleeved shirt and he irons every part of the shirt.
A close up of a drum kit is shown with a person holding sticks in the middle.
The man stands back up and continues talking.
A woman is exercising in a room.
A man is inside a living room of a house.
He is using a platform to hold a loose window.
A small boy is seen scooping out a pumpkin while looking to the camera and smiling.
A large group of people are seen standing in a line as well as group up speaking to one another.
Several clips are then shown of people curling along the ice.
More clips are shown of people pushing the puck along the ice as well as speaking and celebrating with their teammates.
He begins to take the bike apart.
He puts a new belt on the machine.
The man then swings the axe on several pieces of wood while looking back to the camera.
A white screen appears with red and black writing that read "The 3rd Hand Helping you keep straight" and there's a white hand print next to the words.
A black object appears and the woman is now placing it onto a long pole, she's back on the ladder and she's using the black object to help her hold up the border wall paper as she applies it all along the wall.
When the woman is done the camera pans to show the finished job and the outro appears that includes the website, company name, price and phone number.
We see a crowd of white hats.
We see a camera man filming.
A black pot contains mulch and three people are putting mulch around the base of a sapling.
Then when the video finally starts there are other men shooting hoops too.
Some are running with two basketballs in their hands and shooting them.
The people grab onto poles and begin playing the game.
A view of the Oakland, California waterfront is shown.
Mestre Calango is sitting on concrete near the water.
A passerby speaks to him on the pier.
A man talks for a brief moment, a black screen appears with some foreign letters on it, then a woman is shown getting most of her hair braided by another woman, curled, teased, and then hair sprayed into a style.
When the woman is done styling her hair still shots of different angles of the hairdo is shown.
A dog is seen sitting in a tub with two women are kneeling above him.
A man dressed in black performs tai chi at a beach.
The scene changes to the man in an indoors environment demonstrating techniques.
Two people surfing kites are shown riding along the water followed by several more people riding in and out of frame.
A group of people are seen swimming across a large pool with various people watch and record from the sidelines.
A man in a black shirt is holding a rope.
The woman are waving and  a man behind the camera is asking them to wave, look and say hi at the camera.
The camera man zooms in on the women as the woman in the red jacket gives a thumbs up.
As a woman mentions that she is ready the camel walks forward and then the camera pans down and toward bushes.
A person is kneeling down painting something on the ground.
They smooth out the paint.
A large group of people are seen marching together with cheerleaders in the front and a marching band behind them.
The person then puts soap all around the car and washes it off with a hose.
She throws the ball back onto the ground.
A graduated cup with milk has the mixture poured into it and is stirred.
The ingredients are added to a tub and scoops of ice cream are taken from a tub after freezing.
The man enjoys the ice cream.
The girls continue the routine all in sync and end by standing together and two high fiving.
A person pass behind the teen wearing a helmet.
The young man talks, then plays, pose for a picture and carry a goal in the field while talking.
Taylor Swift walking on the red carpet of an awards show.
A collage of pictures of actresses and singers.
a hair beautician demonstrates a cutting technique on a blond model.
Kirbie Johnson a beauty reporter talks in front of Ramirez Tran Salon and meets with Anh Co Tran a celebrity hairstylist.
More celebrity photos are shown while Anh Co Tran demonstrates hair styling on a female model.
More celebrity photos are shown while Anh Co Tran continues cutting and styling the models hair.
Anh Co Tran finishes styling the models hair and close ups of the model are shown.
People are jumping up and down.
A woman in a green dress smokes and holds her ears.
He starts talking to a woman in a silver dress and they leave together.
Women in bikinis are playing volleyball on a beach.
The man practice discus thow in a field.
The person stands on round platform where spins and launch the disc.
She lifts it over her head, trying to hold it.
He deals several hands in front of him.
She holds a contact lens on her finger as she speaks.
She takes another contact lens on her finger and places it in the left eye.
A close up of a man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him instructing how to properly climb a wall.
The man then zooms in on legs moving back and fourth and shows more shots of moving him his arms and legs around while speaking to the camera.
A group of the boy's friend them comes and grabs the boy and throws him on the couch.
The men continue demonstrating how to perform proper basketball shoots while blocking the other.
A very tall and lanky woman runs quickly and jumps over a very high horizontal pole, clears it and lands on the mat below it.
A team is playing on a giant ice hockey rink in front of a large crowd.
The film is in black and white and is old.
A man in a yellow shirt holds a ball on his shoulder does some movements and turns quickly to throw it.
They take turns doing this and throwing the ball to see who gets it farther.
A commercial displays exhibiting video of people having fun at an outdoor beer pong festival.
A series of festival events are displayed including a group of people mock sword fighting,  playing instruments, dancing, and playing mini games of beer ping.
The camera turns on it's side.
A man walks up holding a basketball.
He is shown playing a game with a virtual sumo wrestler.
The shorter man stops to talk to the camera for an extended period.
A nice and lush field is shown and in the distance, a young man on a horse comes into the frame.
A man is kneeling on the ground shining a shoe.
He is rubbing the shoe with a yellow block.
We see an opening title screen.
A man does a back flip to avoid being hit by the ball.
The video returns to normal speed.
The man moves back and fourth on the arm while speaking to the man.
A person turns a bike upside down on a tarp.
They pull a tire out of a box and puts it on the bike.
She flips the bike back over and sets it against a wall.
He gets on the bike and rides away.
A man is seen standing on a snowy hill speaking to the camera and leads into several clips of him snowboarding.
woman walks to the sink and back tot he counter again.
The the man lower the square shower drain with a tool and clean with a cloth.
After, the man puts tiles on the border of the shower.
Then, the women finish their aerobic workout and clap their hands.
A group of young kids are sitting on bleachers at a curling game.
They are then shown taking turns playing the game.
A team leader holds a clipboard and goes over a game plan with other paintball players.
The players run out from behind a low wall and take cover behind inflatable barriers.
He continues jumping around performing many kicks and facing back to the camera.
They are playing a game of water polo.
A stage with musical instruments lined up against the back wall.
The baton twirler begins her performance with baton twirling and dance moves and jumps.
The baton twirler completes her performance bows and exits stage left.
A man is standing next to a camel, and 2 men and a child are sitting on the camel.
The two men are smiling but the child does not look happy and is screaming and crying then throws something on the ground.
There are three men sitting a small room playing poker on a table.
One of the players deals the cards as the others have their drinks.
The person dealing the card lays down a six of diamonds and waits for the other players to make their move.
The other player carefully and thoughtfully makes his move.
Then the person who dealt the cards picks up his stack of cards and tokens that he has won.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment with a chef standing next to her.
He then puts the food on a plate with other ingredients and presents it to the camera while still speaking to the host.
She puts a black bag over her shoulder.
A large water fall is shown.
People are sitting in a raft going down the choppy water.
A kitchen is shown followed by various ingredients and a woman speaking to the camera.
She continues mixing up more ingredients and then puts them all together in a bowl, serving the dish ad sprinkling olive oil around it.
People are playing soccer on a field.
People are indoors playing soccer in an arena.
A woman is working out on an elliptical machine.
She pushes a button on the screen of the machine.
She adjusts the handles on the machine.
They shine someone's shoe with a black rag.
They put their hand on the table.
She then picks up the drink and sets it down in front of the camera.
A man stands up in the darkened environment.
The man walks towards a pool.
The man sits on the bleachers and drinks.
The man approaches a pool as if to dive in.
Views of a jungle canopy and then a poolside are seen.
man is in a living room painting a couch with purle spray.
man paint the cushions of the couch on top of paperboard.
Two men are playing indoor tennis.
The men lob the ball against the wall and try to hit it with their rackets.
A young boy is seen wandering around a playground and climbing up a side while a man records himself at times.
Several shots are shown of the sky that leads into a man in frame.
The man then begins moving his body around slowly moving his arms and legs.
Two men are seen standing in a room holding onto tennis rackets.
The men then begin hitting a tennis ball around.
The people continue to hit balls around a room and chase after one another.
A little boy stands in front of a white chalk hopscotch game drawn on a driveway, outdoors, and begins to play hopscotch by hopping from one square to the next on the chalk drawn game.
When he finishes, a young girl plays the same game of hopscotch by hopping from one square to the next.
We see a black title screen.
The man rinses his hands and walks down a hallway and opens the door with his back.
We see the black ending screen.
The bull falls sideways on the dirt.
The male leaves the horse, keeps the bull down, and ties the bull's legs together.
The male heads back to his horse.
A camera pans over a picture of a man holding a cat and leads into a person cutting out a pumpkin.
He then places a mask on the pumpkin and traces out the lining of the picture.
Another man is seen taking off tiles as well as more shots are shown of the floor.
He rolls along the floor as well as dip sponges into the water and smiling to the camera.
All of a sudden,the boy takes off running and throws the stick clear across the field and people run and go measure the distance.
He jumps on her back and performs tricks to get the frisbees including begging, standing, and catching midair.
The lady shows us her salad then adds apples, nuts and carrots.
The lady adds the dressing to the salad and mixes it.
The lady shows us the finished salad.
Then, she tap the snow with the back of the shovel, then continues shoveling.
A girl plays and falls on the jungle gym.
She gets up and gets back on.
man is siting in front of table giving the nees talking about a kayaker girl.
a lot of people are gathered in a pier next to a lake with a lot of people kayaking.
man is being interviewed by a reporter.
The person brushes off his hair and then signs his name on a piece of paper.
The person continues shaving the heads of men while they sit in the chair and wait.
The camera zooms in and out continuously on the woman while she plays.
The woman continues to play the instrument and ends by pausing and walking away.
A woman throws a javelin at a professional sports event in the daytime in an outdoor sports arena surrounded by bleachers filled with people.
A man in a red jacket smiles and pumps both arms in the air in reaction.
We see an opening screen on a black background.
We see a lady standing in a yard talking.
The lady puts the tube on the table.
The lady puts sticky things on a rug then removes them.
The lady sweeps the floor then wipes it with a towel on a stick.
The lady smiles and the video ends.
He tries with all of his might, lifts it up then puts it down.
A recipe and it's ingredients are shown onscreen.
He begins measuring and mixing the items together to make his dish.
He stirs and plates his dish, finally tasting it when it is done.
A person is seen walking in with a tire on a plank and painting the tire.
The person then un does the tire and places the rubber tightly around the side.
A person is juicing a lemon with an electric juicer.
A large blonde dog walks across the room and sits by a chair.
She then begins washing dishes in the sink while looking back and speaking to the camera while showing off a glass.
For the introduction a boy does a bunch of different acrobats as words are popping up on the screen between each one he does and they go in order saying World,Cup,Odyssey,Boys, Tumbling.
There continues to be a bunch of different clips of young people mostly alone, doing a multiple amount of flips in various different gyms around various different people near them that are either just watching, and occasionally doing cheers or flips of their own.
She starts to swing and then goes higher for the whole video.
An older woman is standing in an indoor gym and is talking while two people behind her to the left are playing basketball on the court.
While she's still talking, above her on the second floor to her left, two people go running by.
The woman is no longer talking and now there are two young ladies playing badminton.
A lady sitting in a chair gets up and walks to a table and grabs a bottle of cream.
One of the players falls as he gets into a fight.
A referee attempts to break up the fight.
Two men wearing hats are seated on a couch.
One of the men is playing a guitar.
A large group of people are seen standing around a gymnasium with many performing fencing matches on the side.
In the end a small group of people wearing the same jackets all cheer and celebrate.
A person talks in a gym siting on a machine.
Then, the person rest with the legs on the machine while talking.
We return to the woman as she increases the number of hoops to two, then three.
The group is performing martial arts together in unison, with music in the background, One side of the group performs one leaping kick as a group.
Two other group members now perform cartwheels across the stage, with a back flip, then they perform some poses, one of the members strikes an object.
After that the group in the middle strikes some objects.
We see an animation and a couple of title screens.
Men are riding skateboards down a country road.
We see the fall again in slow motion and with comments added.
We see the ending screen.
A person is running down a trail.
A person's feet is shown and they are tapping their feet on the carpet.
When finished,he stands up to adjust his shorts and places his knees on a a set of white towels before using a wheel with two handles on it to continue his exercise.
Paper is shown laid out on a floor while feet walk back and a vacuum is seen sucking up the paper.
An athlete pole vaults at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and sports event workers and spectators, all in slow motion.
A man in a red tank top stands by a metal fence on the side of a sports field.
The girl uses a step to mount the beam.
The girl jumps two times on the beam.
The girl almost falls off the beam.
He steps across the step board to the opposite side.
Then he steps across the board so he is backwards.
He proceeds to go all the way around the board in different directions.
And continues to cross the board in all different directions while dancing.
A man is sprinting down a track.
He jumps into a pit of sand.
A woman helps a toddler hold a bat to heat a piata.
After, the toddler hits the piata several times, and then the toddler inspects the pinata.
A man with a microphone is talking with two boys.
A boy then pulls out several cards under the water and they begin doing truth or dares under the water and he asks the women will she marry him.
After the guy gets his answer,they leave from under the water and several pictures are shown to show off the ring.
A man in a blue shirt bends down and picks up a large weight.
He lifts it above his head and drops it onto the floor.
Clips from a beach soccer game are shown.
The logo and copyright are shown again.
Then, the woman jumps and flips three times and dive in the water.
Then the woman showers while holds a towel.
A man wearing a red shirt clap his hands, then touch his face.
He sways and moves a little as he continues to play.
Then, the boats enter to lightly choppy waters.
A woman in a black jacket is standing up talking to them.
A man is seen standing on the edge of a diving board and leads into several clips of people performing impressive dives.
The person flattens the plaster and begins rubbing it on the wall.
One man dives on the ground for the ball.
A group of kayakers are gathered at a rapid river.
They go down the white waters with their paddles.
A woman on the end is wearing a pink apron.
The little girl is walking a very large white dog.
More people enter the circle pit and transition with one another still performing various flips and kicks around one another.
A man's face is seen close up that leads into a game of field hockey being shown.
More clips are shown of people playing the sport and hitting a ball around the field.
The people continue playing with one another as the video continues on.
The woman then rubs his shoulder and his stomach while he attempts to solve the puzzle and his score is shown again when hes done.
The players are making their way closer to the goal line as they pass the ball back and forth.
The ball is blocked several times before the team successfully makes it past the goalie.
A small group of people are seen standing on stage playing various instruments.
The band continues to play as others around them enjoy themselves.
The man is seen talking again interspersed with people playing beer pong, winning beer pong trophies and posing with him for still shots.
A young man jogs down a basketball court on a pair of stilts.
A woman grooms her dog while describing its history.
Other animals watch in the vets office.
A man off camera asks about the vets technique while she continues to do her work.
A man plays a song on various accordions in an office.
The man place a small hand held accordion.
The group prepares the equipment on the boat and put on water skis.
The person then begins petting the dog while he makes a funny face.
A man is seen standing in an enclosed room holding a tennis racket and performing various moves for the camera.
He crouches down next to potted plants.
He gives instructions on how to mulch the plants and cacti.
The girl in a blue shirt is twirling her baton.
The girl catch the baton.
The left man has the ball caught and tries to score but fails.
The man tries again and fails.
People are playing soccer on a field of grass.
A woman in a black shirt is talking to people holding a microphone.
The camera shows a closeup of a hand pouring wine from a bottle into two glasses.
Hands grab the two glasses, clink them together, and move them out of scene.
The scene changes to closeups of Christmas decorations.
Affter the man holds the rod while skating on the road with other skateboarders.
Two women and one man perform a dance routine in a dance studio with hard wood floors.
Two women are preparing to do dives into a large pool.
A little boy is in the playground with a grown man, the man opened the container with sandwich, and then the boy played the sand and eat sandwich and play at the ground.
The boy drag the man through his shirt in the bathroom, they washed their hands in the sink, soap on their hands, then wipe their hands with paper towels then eat at the play ground.
The logo "International Sailing Academy Laz Cruz  Mexico" appears on screen.
She is swiming next to two men in a pool.
Two women are shown talking about snorkling.
There are fish swimming in the tank as the people look at them up close.
Classes are shown for teaching snorkeling before people begin diving into a river to look at the times on the floor.
A fire starts from a lit match.
A person that was squatting backs away.
The fire that spread stops extending.
The man demonstrates playing the harmonica.
The man stops playing the harmonica and talks to the camera again.
The man resumes playing the harmonica.
Finally,they finished products are shown and several pictures of flowers come across the screen.
Girls are laying down on the beach.
a man and woman are seated inside a county jail.
The man does silly antics from time to time.
A middle aged man is standing in a room focused on opening a packet in his hands.
The man then begins playing the drums while speaking to the camera.
He continues to hit the drums wile the camera pans out.
Then, the person takes the granite ball  and slides until the center of the court with the help of the curling broom.
More clips are shown of people surfing along the water and moving with the waves.
A group of men wearing military fatigues and armed with paintball guns prepare to enter a building.
The men break the door down and enter a room in an attack formation that looks like a kitchen with a yellow refrigerator.
The men then enter an empty bedroom crouched and ready for combat.
A dog runs towards the person.
The dog goes back to way he came from.
A person is seen speaking to the camera and pointing to a wooden plank siting on a wall.
The man then uses a hose to spray all around the window and above as well.
women are in a gym making mortal jumps while other kids are in the gym seeing the gils.
women are making jumps in parallels and a coach is guiding them while other women are seing them.
We see the lady tie a piece of cloth into a sling to which she adds books.
We then see the ending credits.
A young boy spins his body around gymnastics equipment in a living room.
A young boy in a gymnastics uniform is seen spinning his body around a mounting piece.
A young boy at a gymnastics center spins his body around some equipment.
A gymnastics coach explains the equipment.
The coach makes a few more comments.
A couple of boys spin their bodies around the mounting equipment.
The coach explains some more.
A few more boys demonstrate spinning their bodies.
A young boy carries the equipment into a living room.
At the gymnastics center, the boy is seen perform gymnastics moves.
A man is standing outside by a pool, talking as another man stands on the other side.
The second man balances on a string and walks over the water, staying balanced by waving his arms at his sides.
A finger covers part of the camera.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People are rowing a inflated boat.
Individuals stand and give interviews.
A lady gives a guy a top.
The credits of the video are shown.
A group of people are sitting in their donut tubes up on a snowy mountain.
They snow tube down the mountain together.
We see a man talking to a camera while holding a sax.
The man plays the sax and gives instructions.
We see the white closing scene.
We see a stationary bike in a room.
The lady smiles and shows her belly.
The lady rides the bike in the room.
The lady walks the bike out of the room.
The black cat grabs the yarn ball and start playing with it.
Then the brown cat goes under the chair and jumps up to grab the yarn and pulls it away.
A large group of people are seen sitting in a big work room with several computers and leads into a man holding an object.
A young boy is seen riding a horse in front of a large crowd and rides closer to a bull while holding a rope.
The bull chases around the man on a horse and the man rides around pleasing the crowd.
A young girl is outside walking from school talking.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out various tapes and paper and putting tape on the paper.
She continues putting tape on the paper and leads with her presenting a wrapped box.
A man with a microphone read from cards on stage.
We see a ladies head.
The cameraman turns and walks away from the shore as another man walks past.
The adults are using special attachments to help him swing.
Other adults stand nearby, watching.
Several fight scenes are shown among martial artists.
These are all scenes from a movie.
A man is controlling leaves with the wind.
We switch to see people on a diving board diving into an Olympic pool.
We see the scores and a title screen.
They have a large table and board in front of them.
A person is seen wearing underwear and riding around on skis while pulling his shorts up.
The man then begins riding down a snowy hill on skis.
He jumps over a jump and falls in the end by stands back up.
More shots are shown of people riding on camels as well as sitting.
The people continue to move on the camels while the camera pans around.
The younger man proceeds to painting the fence on his own.
The older man shows the younger man a garden.
The younger man stares in awe before continuing his painting job.
A man attaches a baby stroller to the back of a bicycle.
He puts the wheel on the stroller.
He stands up next to the stroller.
People vacuum the floor of a home.
A woman rolls up a hose walking down stairs and fumbles putting away in a cupboard.
Men are seen holding hooks up to the camera followed by a fish moving under water and a close up of a fishing hole.
The men continue pulling fish out of the water presenting it to the camera and moving in slow motion.
The man pass on front a home, then he stands while driving.
He throws frisbees and plays with a dog.
The guy picks up the dog and carries it.
The boat slides down a ramp into the water.
A blonde haired man plays a bagpipe in a small, beige walled room, in front of a window as a camera pans in close and pans out on the man during the performance.
Two guys play racquetball in an enclosed room.
In the adjacent room men are playing volleyball.
He and others consecutively lift the barbells over their heads.
The final man is shown dropping is weights back to the ground.
He is sailing on a boat in the water.
They drill a hole in the ice, and use their gear to fish.
Someone catches a fish, and it is pulled out of the water.
The man does several turns with the ball and then eventually lets it go.
Several videos of him are then shown over a period of time of him repeating the same tasks.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while text is shown next to him.
A man in the street talks to the camera while he holds a skateboard.
The men are playing riding the horses are playing polo in a green field.
A view below is a big green field with a water fountain in the center.
A man hit the ball.
People ware walking at the parking lot.
Two men are seen speaking to the camera making various hand gestures and one taking their jacket off and high fiving the other.
A person's feet are seen close up that lead into clips of people pushing dirt along and paving it down.
the man pour sunscreen on her hands and is talking about it.
then the man spread the sunscreen in his hands and in his face.
More people are seen riding down the mountain as well as speaking to the camera.
Then a group of snipers fires colored balls to people and stuff.
They skate around the road winding around the mountain.
They continue skating on their skateboards as they take sharp turns.
A man mix concrete using a machine.
After, the man leans on a van while holding a cigarette.
A man talks while a woman shows her arm.
He does hand stands, then lifts his legs into the air in a plethora of moves.
The boy dismounts, then bows to the crowd.
He hits a strike again for the second time in a row.
When he returns the fourth time, he hits another strike by knocking down all the pins.
Clips of goal shots, ball control and passing by different teams from different matches playing beach soccer.
Clips of penalty shots and half field shots by different teams competing in different beach soccer tournaments.
First she pours oil into the pot and then adds the shelled pasta and she tells important information about what you should and shouldn't do.
Finally it's done after it has went through the process of being cooked.
A child is sitting on the couch smiling and watching the tv as the couple are dancing and sometimes looks over at them,too.
The sitting child then lies down on the couch as the couple are still dancing and the tv is still on.
The camera quickly pans to the camera person and it reveals a close up shot of another child and the man and woman finally finish their dancing and reach for the camera.
A toddler is watching the child.
The toddler stands in the middle of the hula hoop and begins swinging his hips and smiling at the camera.
The people don't like the card and they keep throwing the cards back at the dealer.
The artist continues moving back and fourth while pausing and then going back to tattooing.
A girl and her family and friends snow sled and ski on a snowboard outside in the backyard.
A young girl open up the blinds in a room then turns to talk to the camera while another girl in the background hot irons her hair in front of a desktop computer.
After the snowboarding ends the little girl returns to talking to the camera while several frames of language invite watchers to join their channel.
We see people walking and enjoying the weather on the beach.
A red balloon in the air.
We see people attempting to swim in huge rough waves.
Men on the beach high five each other.
A person walks forward to a circle while many people stand around her and watch.
A large track of dirt is shown on a track while others stand on the sidelines.
A man in a white shirt holds a hockey stick.
A man is standing outside in front of a shed.
The boy swings, hitting the ball back.
The person takes a quick ski on a ramp and jumps off of it, then a special effect reverses it so the person is now going backwards onto the ramp.
The woman shakes her body while smoke fills the room around her.
A young man is seen sitting on a park bench playing a harmonica and tapping his foot.
The man moves his foot up and down and pauses for a minutes before continuing to play.
The man sings a bit and still plays the harmonica.
She mixes several ingredients into a bowl and spreads it around with a spoon.
A man is seen facing the camera and running around a lawn on a set of stilts.
He lays his head down and the camera zooms in on his face.
Two people then measure a ceiling and begin putting wallpaper along the ceiling and pushing it into the ceiling.
Two people are outside of a rural wall in a field playing with rackets,hitting a ball over the net.
A phone is then shown across the screen and the two continue to play.
A young Caucasian male is standing outside on a tennis court juggling tennis balls.
A colorful bowling ball rests in a rack.
A boy bowls strikes down a lane in a bowling alley.
We then see people lined up a the start of a a marathon take off running as words stream at the bottom of the screen.
Asian script appears and a man stops running to look at the camera.
We then see a group gathered in a gymnasium.
A person is seen in fast motion hanging a large picture onto a wall and then pushing it against the wall.
He places more paper up against the wall while cutting around the edges and laying it down evenly against the wall.
A little girl is climbing the monkey bars at the playground.
She flips over them forward and backward.
A large group of people are seen standing around a gymnasium looking at one another.
The people then begin playing a game of volleyball.
He does several stunts, including flips and spins in the water, occasionally falling and righting himself.
A black man approaches to watch the guitarist perform.
A woman stands by recording the performer.
The black man dances along, enjoying the music of the guitarist.
A black man wearing a yellow vest approaches and starts dancing and singing along.
The matador is is holding a stick then went to the bull, and the bull attacked him, people came up to the bull and covered the bull with cape.
A news anchor in red dress is talking while behind her the monitor is showing images such as maps and matador.
"Lindner Media Productions" logo and credits are shown on screen.
We see a little girl at a party hitting a pinata.
The dog rolls over as the woman continues brushing and ends by petting the dog on its sides.
Two men are kneeling on a floor.
A van is driving down a rural road, on the highway in a farm area.
We see a truck pass through a small town in the mountains and  small car is seen passing high above a village.
We now see a sailboat on the water.
We see the calm lake through the trees and through a clearing.
The people push themselves along in the canoe and show more people riding along.
A man is seen speaking to the camera using his hands in the end.
A man is seen standing around a group of others and bending down to grab a weight.
The man then lifts the weights up onto his shoulders and ends by throwing it down.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera when one begins to breakdance.
He continues moving around the camera and ends by speaking to it.
We see young men who appear to be celebrities in an Asian city.
After,she gets up and walks up from the mat.
A man is strapped to a harness as he walks down a runway high in the sky and people begin strapping him down.
One the man is secure he puts his hands up and is pushed off for his free fall.
She runs down and throws the pole off into the distance and is shown again in slow motion.
A person drives on the roads as someone bugs him by pushing his ear.
A young woman is dressed in long socks and ballet shoes and she begins doing ballet exercises.
He then makes a sandwich and fries it on a pan and shows off the finished result in the end.
He sits at a makeup chair speaking to a makeup artist.
He sprays his mouth with mouthwash.
He is laughing and enjoying himself as he hangs out with a group of friends.
We see the intro screen on a blue background.
We then see people getting on a bus and riding it to a lake.
We see a helicopter landing.
The people begin rafting down the river.
The people on the raft go through a tunnel.
We see another map, a bus and a tow line.
An athletic man is seen stepping up to a circle and leads into a clip of him spinning around quickly and throwing the object in the distance.
The man attempts to solve the puzzle while still looking up to the camera.
The man eventually solves the puzzle and holds it up while speaking to the camera.
A man is seen riding a surf board along a wave pool with many people watching on the sides.
Another person walks into the wave pool and another in and out of frame while the man continues to ride then lays down on the boogie board.
A surfing video compilation is shown.
People are interviewed about surfing and then highlights of them surfing are shown.
They increase in number, warming up together.
One messes up, and doesn't continue.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The credits of the video are shown.
Two people are on a sailboat in the ocean.
A lady prepares a meal in a kitchen.
The person pours water in bowls and adds food coloring.
He then begins drinking the alcohol fro the glass.
The man continues to drink and finishes his beer in the end.
A man and is dog are seen in a large back yard before several tricks with a frisbee.
He uses a piece of metal to work on equipment.
A guy is power washing a car.
The guy lathers up the car.
The guy rinses the car.
She stands outside and shoots an arrow.
We see the colorful title screen.
The man ties a bow around the neck of the bottle.
We see the finished wrapped product.
The ending credit play and the screen goes white.
A small group of people are seen sitting on bikes in front of a large track.
The people continue playing back and fourth as the camera captures their movements.
A close up of ingredients are shown that lead into a person mixing the ingredients together into a large bowl.
The person continues adding more ingredients and ends by pouring the mixture on a plate and putting greens on top.
A small triangular square is then shown and placed in a pan of water and laid on a piece of folded up napkin.
A man is seen speaking to the camera outside while pointing to a hedge on the side.
The man continues speaking and begins lifting up a tool and cutting around the hedge.
The man continues cutting around the hedge and stops to speak to the camera.
A female gymnast launches herself onto a low beam, then a high one.
She spins herself between the two, going around and around the bars.
A person is seen standing before a long track and leads into her jumping into a pit several times while people watch and measure her jumps.
Several more people are seen running along the track and jumping into a pit while others measure and continue to watch.
Then, the person measures flower and add to the dough.
After, the person puts the dough in a baking pan and in a muffin pan and bake.
He is throwing a frisbee while standing in a hula hoop.
A woman dressed in a green lined polo and khaki shorts is standing outside in a field near golf carts talking in the field.
A blonde hair young lady appears in a kitchen and starts to eat a sandwich with bananas cut on it.
Now the girl is in the gym with the rest of her team practicing volleyball and when she is done,she goes to the locker room and puts on her clothes.
A man in a white shirt is standing on a field.
They all chase after the ball.
A little girl is standing next to a white horse, she is brushing the horse.
She steps back and talks about how she does it and then gets back to brushing.
She goes to the horses face and tries to brush but he moves his face to the other direction so she continues in different places.
A person in a boat throws a board to someone in the water.
The person in the water puts the board on their feet.
The person on the boat throws the person in the water a rope and they catch it.
They hold onto the rope and wait in the water.
The boat pulls the person in the water up and they are wake boarding.
Two young boys are sitting on a camel and holding on to a stick attached to the seating of the camel while a man dressed in dark clothing is standing next to them.
She starts jumping on a bed.
Pictures of a man and woman are shown and leads into a woman combing and cutting a man's hair.
The person continues laying plaster down while the camera pans around him from various sides.
A cowboy on a horse is released from a gate.
He ropes a calf, then dismounts.
A man holds a ball behind his head and spins around several times and throws the ball.
A man in a blue t-shirt and shorts is speaking, then turns and walks towards a red wall.
He begins to lean forward and stretches.
He then begins to rise.
Two women are sitting around a hookah.
One puts it in her mouth and smokes it.
Then the other woman takes a hit, blowing smoke out of her mouth into the other woman's mouth.
Once to the other side,he tries to turn around and come back but has the hardest time standing up.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while walking a dog on the side of him.
A man in a t-shirt in a dimly lit bar setting with tv's lining the walls and several onlookers at high tables beside and around him watch him throw yellow darts.
The camera becomes slightly steady again and turns to reveal that the man was throwing darts at a dart board behind the camera, the man continues to throw the darts which don't land but bounce off of the board instead.
A girl is in a bathroom with a towel on her head.
Several girls are then shown deep underwater doing a shimmy motion and then back stroking in the pool.
One female then begins breast stroking,waves to the camera and then gets out.
A man is outside in the snow walking around on his snowboard.
As he makes his way through the mountain,he gets on several silver lines and begins to slide down them.
Finally,the snowboarding is done and the man walks into the cabin.
A person walks in front of the camera.
They twirl the baton on their necks.
One lady has both baton.
They throw the batons in the sky and twirl.
The brunette does a split and they finish dancing.
She begins to discuss and display manners of balancing the boat.
She talks about the various parts of the boat and how they are utilized, as shown by the words on the screen.
She pulls her boat into shore before the final screen advertising a sailing magazine.
Two men are seen working out in a back yard lifting heavy weights while taking turns.
The men help one another lift the heavy weights and then shakes hands in the end.
The lady is dressed in a long beige jacket and ear muffs and she is scraping the snow off of the other end of the car.
A boy then appears and he is shoveling snow out from behind the car and then another person comes to help them.
Once the first car is finished,the lady leaves and now the boy is left outside by himself getting the rest of the snow off of the vehicle.
It cuts to her speaking to someone wearing a surgical mask in a room and it looks like she is getting her nails done.
They both talk back and forth for a bit about something.
A close up of a news paper is shown that leads into several shots of people talking and a skier falling off a jump.
More shots are shown of skiers falling off jumps as well as falling down the snowy hill while others watch.
She lifts a mixer out of the pot.
A female is standing on a ladder with a orange caution vest on,silver heels and a small mini black skirt with her but out and no underwear.
A man walks by and she asks him to hand her the bucket on the ground.
The male then takes his glasses off and begins looking directly under her skirt when she turns around.
Two men with bungee jump equipment on (belts and ropes) are standing on a platform high in the air.
The man slides forward inch by inch until his toes are over the edge of the platform.
He raises his arms, nods his head, and pushes off the platform, the way a diver would jump off a diving board.
He falls, the rope attached still, a long down into a ravine, so far that is is hard to see him.
The rope snaps back just a little, then hangs still.
We see the man shake hands and hug people  and sit down.
We see a recap of the man's performance.
The man waves to the camera.
A large cartoon pumpkin appears on the screen.
They stand and begin to dance seductively, spinning and twirling in front of the crowd.
A man bends over and picks up his skateboard.
He starts skateboarding down a hill.
He picks up his skateboard again and continues talking.
A man is seen jumping over a set of bars while text is shown across the screen.
The man then performs several mores on the beams moving back and fourth.
A baby boy's head floats up from water.
A woman is seen laying on the floor with a text sitting across her face.
A couple of boys prepare to run toward a swing.
Then we see a list of ingredients on the screen.
A woman is shown wearing a bathing suit skirt,orange float,and water skis.
The woman finally becomes stable and the boat picks up enough speed for her to go.
A crowd is cheering in front of a stage.
The crowd cheers for them once they finish.
A woman is standing in front of a vase on a table.
She uses plastic wrap to wrap around the vase.
She then ties a pretty bow around the top.
A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into several shots of hockey players skating around ice rinks.
A person is adding onions into a skillet.
They fry onions, tomato, and bell pepper.
The man in white shirt picks up a ball off the ground.
The man in white drinks from a cup.
A person sits and clips the nails off a cat paw using a nail clipper.
The woman picks up the glass with her mouth and drinks the entire glass of beer.
These people are all shown participating in a bicycle race.
They ride over huge bumps and straight smooth paths, and  everyone is wearing different colored suits and helmets.
A man is seen kneeling down in the middle of a large gym with many sets of weights sitting behind him.
A woman sits on a bench shaving her legs.
She pours lotion onto her hand and puts it on her legs with a towel.
She puts shaving cream on her leg and continues to shave.
The man slowly slides the tool over the ski surface.
An animated field of a track is shown filled with a crowd of people.
After,another female with a large assortment of tattoos tries and she clears the bar and comes in first place on her first attempt and a replay is shown.
A person is seen walking down the lawn and blowing leaves around the area.
A man is seen standing behind a table and begins sprinkling powder along a ski.
He then uses a tool to sand down the ski and shows a close up of the ski when he is finished.
The closing credits are shown and the video ends.
A player of the red team scores and they run to celebrate.
The red team scores three times in a row.
The red team wins the competition.
Two people are standing in a kitchen.
A lady stands holding a string with a ball.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair playing an instrument while reading off a book of notes.
Dancing with the stars contestant in place waiting to starts their performance.
They continue to dance very well until the end, where you can see how out of breath they are.
The woman then grabs a small teddy bear and puts it on wrapping paper.
The bottom is then folded and taped and the bear is placed in the inside and taped on both ends.
After the bag is finished,more gifts are shown and other videos are displayed on the screen.
They are in slow motion and the video cuts to the man in white pants kicking in a very acrobatic manner.
The two are shown fighting again as is the man in white showing off his skill set.
A man is seen moving in slow motion along a pool while a woman speaks to the camera.
People are seen exercising on the side while the woman continues to speak.
A dog walks past the camera.
The dog walks into a door where a woman waits.
The woman, along with another woman, pets the dog, who is now on a table.
The first woman combs the dog's hair.
The dog and the first woman walk through a room and into the bathroom.
The first woman washes the dog.
The first woman towels the dog.
The first woman grooms the dog.
The dog walks towards the second woman.
The dog and the second woman exit the house leave.
The first woman waves goodbye.
She begins to play the song on the piano and sing along as she plays.
The camera zooms in on her face as she continues to play.
A car is seen stuck in some water while another car drive past with a person riding skis on the back.
A picture of a person kicking a soccer ball is shown followed by three men kicking a ball around a sandy beach.
They pass the ball back and fourth to one another while the goalie attempts to block any shot they may make.
They continue kicking the ball up into the air and passing to one another while the goalie jumps up to block the impending ball.
A large group of cheerleaders are seen running out onto a stage and begin performing a routine with one another.
The people continue dancing around while lifting one another and end by hugging and cheering with one another.
She raises her arms as she sways her hips to music.
She dances, turning and moving rythmically.
He starts putting the tile down on the ground.
He sets chairs and flowers on the tile.
A woman is seen roller blading down an alley as well as several clips of other people riding around the city.
On a giant dome of dirt there are many bikers at the top and a very big crowd watching.
They start to take off into the air doing flips and really cool professional tricks.
It's amazing and super cool how they go up the ramp and then into the air.
The view is now from the first persons point of view and a person is waterboarding very quickly, going on ramps and all over a large area of water while holding onto the handle that is connected to the rope that is pulling the person.
The water boarder then approaches a man standing in the water to the right side and splashes a lot of water onto that person as they pass him.
A woman in red top is talking in the camera, then the crowd are standing in a parking lot as the kids lightening the candles.
She goes forward and backward, and does multiple backflips.
The man finishes cutting the claws and pets the cat.
A man talks to the camera.
The man uses the pitchfork to dislodge roof covering material.
The man talks to the camera once more.
A woman performs a gymnastic baton routine in a gym surrounded by a lightly attended event with people in the bleachers.
The woman throws the baton high in the air while dancing and then catch the baton neatly.
He stops welding and starts to lift his mask.
A person sat on a chair with his accordion.
The man reached behind his back and tie the strap on him.
Mr Bean smile in a picture, then a man explains and then invite two people to show karate moves.
The brush is continuously seen moving along the horse while the animal not moving.
These people are sitting in the inflatable red/white boat and they're floating along the waves.
They all work together and paddle themselves through the water and most of them are smiling.
The dog chases, grabs, and does tricks to get the frisbees.
A scene is shown of a person in rapid river water in a kayak.
He is unable to keep control as he is pushed backward by the rapids.
He battles hard to stay upright in the water as he trains for kayaking.
The instructor is in the front with a whistle in her mouth as she is instructing the class.
The lady has on leg warmers and makes sure she keeps the energy up for the rest of the class.
Teams of athletes line up out of the pool.
Teams play a game of water polo passing and shooting the ball at the goal.
A coach talks with the swimmers during a break.
Three people are seen hosting a segment and leading into several shots of a baseball game being played.
Numerous people are watching others on a field.
The dogs do several stunts and tricks while catching the frisbees.
All the people are seen floating on top of the water in the end.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while people work out around him.
She continues talking to the camera.
A woman is laying back in a chair getting her lip pierced.
The dog takes the ball back into the water.
The man finishes his song and lowers his instrument.
A man is doing flips on a mat.
A man runs down a blue mat and does flips.
We see a man in a yard with a stick and blindfold and swings the stick nowhere near the pinata.
The man swings near the pinata.
Two people then begins performing a tango routine in front of a large audience.
Two women are standing on a diving board.
They do back flips and land in the water.
A man sets straw and sticks on top of a bundle of tinder in a fire pit.
The man sparks the flint using a knife onto the stack of sticks and tinder causing it to ignite.
The man adds more sticks and bark to the top of the fire.
The flame gets low in the fire and it begins to smoke before igniting fully again.
A man is seen standing on a porch speaking to the camera in front of a set of drums.
A young man is seen standing in front of a small crowd and begins playing the violin.
People in the stands are watching the man.
The statistics are shown on the screen.
A row of glasses are shown in a case.
She shakes the drink and decorates it with lime and sticks.
He claps his hands and dances around.
There are people sitting in the grass watching him perform.
He's blowing into the instrument very hard and then the audience claps and he gives a quick speech.
The left team makes a goal and get excited.
They make another shot and the man in white begins to freak out.
Once she gets hit,she covers her face but ends up getting hit once more with the ball in the face.
Another game is shown with more people,and another female gets hit in the face in the same fashion.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing behind a table full of ingredients.
The man pushing around a plate with his hands in the end.
The girl does a flip and split on stage.
The audience applauses as the girl finishes her act.
This leads into people successfully riding along the waves while others watch on the sides.
More people are seen riding along as well as walking on the beach.
A man and lady leave a room.
A couple wearing robes open the front door.
The couple gives the guy several of the items in their home.
A boy notices the items in the guy hands and throws a tantrum.
The lady grabs the boy and leads him through a white gate.
The guy leaves with his hands full of stuff.
The lady waves and closes the door.
Several shots of landscapes and people standing together are shown followed by people doing flips and tricks off a jump in the water.
A small red haired boy brushes his teeth.
The boy brushes his tongue.
He lifts the heavy weight high up near his face and lifts it back down near his stomach.
He lifts the weight over his head.
A person is walking down a snowy sidewalk.
A white dog is seen walking on a leash in front of them.
A person's feet are shown around a set of shoes and then begins putting socks on his feet.
He then puts his shoes on afterwards and ties them up, ending with his feet together and ready to go.
the guy goes to a store and seems to be picking out some alcohol drinks.
A large group of people are seen cheering on the sides followed by team members standing together for pictures.
A man scrapes the paint off the chair with a scraper.
They then begin to mop under chairs.
They take turns, running down the track.
An old man with beard is sitting with eyes close, then a man in black walked towards the temple then the old man opened his eye and did some karate moves.
The people then play a game of volleyball with one another.
A potato is being washed and peeled.
The chopped vegetable is being put into a different pot.
There are people in the background just talking.
A black screen appears and pink and white word appear that say "Flamingo croquet Finals:Dan vs roger!".
Two older men are playing croquet on lush green grass that have flamingos on them.
A woman appears on the side of the grass and is smiling as she watches the men playing croquet.
A black screen appears and words appear that read "roger wins in a photo finish!", next black screen reveals white words that say "WHO SAYS", then "INSURANCE HAS TO BE BORING?!", and lastly white numbers show up and the number is 877-415-8342.
Then, a man approaches an put the hands of the men in the center, until one the men win the competition.
The man mixes several ingredients together into the glass and presents a drink in the end.
The wall paper is then laid on a flat surface and the woman begins add paste to the back of it.
Instructions are being given regarding their techniques.
Skiers walk into a building together.
They hop back and forth as the audience claps.
A man in a blue shirt is moving dirt around next to a tree.
The game commences with judges and spectators nearby.
A girl playing a black guitar while singing a song.
She looks at the camera as she stops strumming and sings the last few words of the song.
A man is sitting in a chair playing an acoustic guitar.
Players and coaches are seen wandering around a field speaking to one another.
A large group of people are seen riding down a river in a raft as well as people sitting on rocks on the side and more clips of people rowing.
two men travel in a car pulling a boat.
A man is in the water and stands on a circle surfboard but falls while other people are water skiing.
A couple sit on a inflatable ring and water ski.
A man is walking along a group of inner tubes moving them all because they're roped together with some people in most of them.
The man grabs a can from a woman on the inner tube then grabs her right hand and helps her to stand up and the rest of the people start getting out of their inner tubes and stand up while the man helps another woman out of hers.
When a woman gets out of her inner tube she has a lot of leaves on her back, a man notices it and he wipes it off of her back with his hands and then he grabs a bottled water and pours it onto her back.
He continues brushing off the shoe and shows off the end result.
A man cuts the hair of a male using a shaver machine, the man shaves the back and sides of the head leaving the hair on top.
Then, the man cuts the hair on top the head with scissors helped with a comb.
After, the man sprays the hair and cuts the ends of the hair.
People are watching him in the audience.
The man not fishing stands up briefly.
The man not fishing helps to pull a fish out of the ice fishing hole.
Explanatory text on a black screen is shown.
A man cleans a car.
Other people clean the car as well.
Two men sit in a hall at a shoes shine station in an office building.
He then pours the bottle out on the table and rubs it down with the rag.
The man wets the sharpening stone.
The instructor uses a sharpening rod for the knife.
After other soldiers run and shoot while searching abandoned shelters.
Then, the soldiers run on a trench to search a safe place while firing their firearms.
A soldier walk with his rifle inside a a tunnel.
man is sitting behind the black counter and in front of the screen.
the man kneels and grab a water bottle under the table and shake hands with men in the public.
A black screen appears with white words that say "Thank you! Please subscribe to my Channel!" and includes a yellow smiley face with a tongue sticking out.
Another dirt bike course is shown with a new set of dirt bikers and a few of them crash to the ground as well.
The outro screen appears and it's all black with large white letters that read "End".
The person wipes the rag over the pole.
A woman is seen walking down a sidewalk.
She gets her hair washed in a salon.
She then sits as her hair is combed, cut and styled.
another guy walks around the first guy playing the drums and starts to play different the drums behind him standing up with drum sticks.
The first individual stops exercising again.
The video leads into several shots of men lifting up heavy sets up weights in a gym location.
A girl in black shirt and black pants is jumping using a small bouncing pole, while her hands have two batons.
The girl is swirling the white and silver baton in both hands while she jump up and down.
The cupped the water and wash his face.
Several men are seen speaking to the camera and making martial arts moves.
Two men then play rock paper scissors while still using special effects.
One man beats the other and throws him off set.
He shows the kinds of shoes he uses for skating, and does several stunts.
There are many young children in a snowboarding school.
The instructors are helping and teaching the young students to begin snowboarding and teaching them various steps.
We see a lady look out at the snow.
We then see her shoveling the snow.
We see the Snow helper, then  see it in action.
We see the sale screen.
We see the shovel being set up with a shovel helper.
We see a chiropractor endorsement and the ending screen.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man at the targets holding one and taking it off the field.
We see a couple of men leave the line.
We then see the closing screen.
People are playing volleyball in the sand.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while pouring ice into a glass.
He finally pours the rest into the glass while smiling to the camera.
People are standing in a ring with a bull.
With a glass of sparkling liquid in a glass they show a logos for several sponsos of the video.
We see a green door.
We see birdies stacked on each other.
We see the man talking then the  lady talks.
We see cars driving down the street.
A man is seen standing before a bowling lane holding a ball.
A teenage girl is dressed in a long sleeve red leotard and jumps up on a balance beam.
For her final trick,she flips off the bar and her foot goes further than expected but she quickly gathers herself and sticks her landing.
A little girl applies makeup to her face.
The mirror reflects a woman taking pictures.
The man walks out of frame is shown again shining the shoes of another man reading a newspaper.
An advertisement presents a snowboarder in a sky station, who holds a snowboard.
Then, the snowboarder explains the technique how to jump and turn with the board, and shows the turns on the snow.
He does a gymnastics routine on the bars.
He jumps off the bars and lands on a mat.
The lady smiles and swims away.
The man brush his teeth with the monkey pulling it away as well as taking his phone and interrupting his sleep and activities.
People go snowboarding on a mountain.
The camera shows a crowd scene at the event.
The man performs a second set of gymnastics at the same location.
The man walks away while talking to another man in an orange shirt.
People are watching them in front of them on the sidewalk.
People are riding bikes on the beach behind them.
The scene is repeated again.
A dog is sitting on the ground next to the words Dog Training.
A dog is seen lying on the living room floor, running in his sleep.
A large, blue wave is seen.
The title appears over the wave.
A man is engulfed by a wave.
A man escapes being overcome by a wave.
A couple of shots of this athlete performing his sport on the ice with a teammate is is shown.
After a few more moments of speaking, A shot of a young blond woman is shown in the same navy blue gear with white stripes down her arms.
People are sitting in front of him watching.
A person is sitting next to him.
He then uses the knife along a window and is shown several times sharpening the knife and speaking to the camera.
He climbs down and puts his jacket on.
A man with a cigarette is playing a guitar.
He starts singing into a microphone and playing the guitar.
One kid kicked the ball.
She is holding a flute, which she then begins to play.
We see a man in a sling talking to the camera.
We see a lady in sunglasses.
The orange man ties the other man's shoes.
The men shake hands and walk away.
He pulls the rod through to insert the jewelry and she begins to bleed.
More pictures of him winning and having fun and shown followed by more jumps and races from the athlete.
One person grabs the other person and pulls him under the water.
A man is seen smoking a cigarette and looking off into the distance followed by another person smoking.
Another woman is seen speaking to the camera while more people smoke.
A young child is seen speaking to the camera holding a tin of lemonade and holding up a large jug.
The man then begins using the tool all long the car scraping snow off.
People are walking on stilts on mats.
A man jumps over a bar in stilts.
They take turns training, and fencing with each other.
A man speaks to the camera with the fencers behind him before cutting back to the image of the wild cat.
Then the young girl picked up the barbel, pause on her chest then pushed it all up, then let it go.
Various clips are shown of people putting bikes together as well as kids riding bikes and laughing with one another.
Several clips are shown of people riding their bikes along a track with one falling and others clapping while he gets up.
An empty room of spin bikes are shown and a woman appears in the corner talking.
She finally gets n the bike and begins working out,while talking and adjusting the machine.
A woman is dancing on a hardwood floor holding a baton.
She starts twirling the baton.
A man and a woman walk onto the dance floor and dance.
A band on stage plays.
She does quite a few reps before the video cuts out.
The camels are carrying people.
A child is crossing the monkey bars on a playground.
He then goes back across them the other direction.
A man wearing a harness jumps into a swimming pool.
He stands up and wind surfs in the water.
A man helps a small boy hit a pinata with a green bat.
A woman is dancing on a court.
She is throwing several batons in the air.
She drops the batons and does flips on the ground.
The man picks the kid up and sets them on top of the slide again.
The kid slides down the slide.
A guy approaches a yellow, police tape.
The guy tries to get both feet on the tape and walk on it.
The woman continues riding along the water while looking to the camera and slowing down to stop in the end.
One adult stands with two children on a lawn amidst many leaves with a black truck in the background.
The boy puts leaves in the brown bag and the girl picks the leaves up.
He stops and adjust a stand in the middle of the sidewalk.
people are doing high jumps going down the slope in competitions.
A man sits and swings on a playground swing next to a baby.
The baby is smiling broadly at the camera.
We see a lady looking in the camera.
kid is hanging from horizontal stairs on the playground.
the kid stands at the edge of the stairs in the playground.
Two people stand outside near a window.
After, the boy jumps on the chair and then takes the dish again.
We see a lady leading an aerobics class.
The class finishes and grows their arms in the air.
Several people are gathered on the side of a road, putting on water rafting gear.
A young boy removes the blue darts off of an orange dart board on a wall.
The young boy reaches up to remove the blue darts.
The man holds the gear in his hand and uses the wrench on it.
Two young men are standing around next to a swimming pool.
The man who was thrown into the pool comes up for air.
An advertisement for the sacramento bee appears.
A little girl waves an american flag, before an arm is shown holding a ball.
The people are getting very pumped, and a man screams and pumps his fists.
A man, wearing snow goggles, a winter hat and jacket, talks to the camera while filming himself snow boarding down a snow covered ski slope.
He stops and talks again, before the skiing scenes replay.
The man shakes up the product before applying it to a sponge.
The man waxes down the door of the car with the product.
One man in a park setting interviews another man in the same park setting who is walking three dogs.
The dogs chase each other and run back to the owner while the interview takes place before the owner ends by kneeling down beside the dogs.
Several people are seen in the end performing stretches and looking around with one man helping another in the end.
Two people are seen standing when the man walks over and begins dancing with the woman.
A man is pulled on a rope on a one man kayak.
The man recovers and paddle with his hands.
A man is pulling something up from a hole in the snow as he appears to be fishing.
He picks it up to show off to the camera.
He completes a rubiks cube.
Boats are seen floating on the water.
We then see people on the boat, and pulling people on water skis.
A gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym.
Several people carry intertubes into the river, climbing on them.
A woman in white kimono is doing a karate moves with is sempai, she is standing on the side of the carpeted room.
A man is seen standing before a bowling lane and throwing a ball down the lane.
A close up is shown of a small carved pumpkin.
They demonstrate how to pick a proper carving pumpkin, then drawing on the face.
The girl slides down a spiral slide on the playground.
The child slides down a double sided slide.
The men then throw him down on a table and cheer with one another.
She slides across a floor with some curling equipment.
This is followed by two men in Speedos using their curling equipment.
They begin snowboarding down a hill of snow.
People are sitting on a ski lift and riding up the mountain.
A man and woman are standing together on an outdoor patio.
They begin dancing in unison, doing several moves.
They continue dancing as a small group watches.
A girl sits down in the barbers chair for a hair cut.
The girl has her hair washed in a sink.
The hair stylist trims the person's hair.
A person is putting a chain onto a bicycle.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
She does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
She does a flip off the balance beam and lands on a mat.
A man walks to a barbell and grips the handle.
The man  then lifts the weight over his head and stands up.
The man drops the weight, pumps his fist, and walks off.
A large group of people are seen sitting in an auditorium while several people speak to the camera.
A group of guys perform a dancing routine in the middle of the gym while others clap and applaud them.
A woman is now standing in a kitchen, words on the screen say her name is Jennifer Taggart and she's an Eductional Program Specialist, and she's talking the whole time while demonstrating on how to measure ingredients and then she pours them into a clear glass bottle through a funnel.
The woman removes the funnel and picks up a small bottle of essential oils and puts drops into the mixture in the clear glass bottle, puts the cover onto the bottle with the ingredients in it and begins mixing it by twisting her wrist as the liquid swirls on the inside.
White screens appear and they include the website to visit for more helpful tips, and credits to the makers of the video.
A man is seen bowing before a large group of people and performing a martial arts routine on a large stage.
Two men are seen grabbing onto one another while another person watches from behind.
One an then grabs the other up over his head and flips him down on the ground.
As the players throw the ball to the goal, the goalkeeper blocked the ball.
A man is sitting down behind a desk with a clock on it doing a rubiks cube.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The lady presents a product with her hair un-braided.
The speed of the video is reset to normal and the lady puts a rubber band at the end of the braid.
The lady runs her hands through her braid.
The credits of the video are shown with clip.
People are trying to get across a body of water via monkey bars.
Two men finish and then start climbing dirt.
Two people are seen standing in the middle of a gymnasium holing jump ropes in their hands.
A woman in a red shirt is sitting down talking.
A man and a woman are sitting at the table talking.
While the mixture is mixing, the lady pour water from a metal container, then a brown liquid, then the mixture turned into yellow, then the lady had the mixture in a giant white plastic container.
The ladies put the designs, lettering on the cupcakes, then there is a photo shoot, then the people started eating the cupcakes.
He spins around and throws it onto the field.
A man is kneeling down holding a kettle bell.
Another man comes up and takes the kettle bell.
He gives it back to the man kneeling down and he begins to work out with it.
A man is sewing a garment with a wool in a needle.
man is kneling on the floor recording the girl.
We see a black opening screen.
We see a lady shaping a cake like a motorcycle.
We then see the finished cake bike.
We see the credits and the end screen.
People in black clothing appear, backs turned.
She joins him, and they dance exuberantly for the crowd.
Two team play hurling kicking the ball with a stick.
person is holgding blue frisbees and is plying with a dog in a closed field, the doing tricks while is trying to catch the frisbee.
the dog holds a frisbee on his mouth and starts running around the girl doing tricks.
This man is beating on the congas using the palms of his hands and he also makes fists sometimes to make a deeper sound.
A boy is running and misses the jump twice.
Another kid tries and stops without even jumping.
Another kid jumps and the bar falls down.
He jumps again and missed the jump.
A screen comes up that says "Denied".
Kid after kid try and keep missing over and over again.
A kid is trying again and the screen says "Here you go Jon".
A kid jumps and almost makes it but the bar falls.
Another kid tried and just missed.
A man spins around and throws a ball onto the field several times.
People in the stands are watching him.
The woman applauds shyly after he finishes.
He wipes the snow off his car before getting in and driving away.
A dog sits on a carpet on front a ladder.
Then, the dog climbs the ladder of a bunk bed.
Several more clips are shown of the people hitting balls around and passing to one another.
Suddenly, it is morning, and there are four men running in front of a truck filled with men as others watch.
One of the men looks as a device on his wrist.
They walk away talking with their arms around each other.
The game continues on with the man and woman throwing the ball and leads into the woman's friend throwing the ball.
The lady who is assisting him face is then shown and she continues to wash the pit bull and the man reappears and begins talking to the camera.
A man on a horse is in a corral waiting to start his ride.
A woman pass where the couple dance.
People on a cruise ship play a game of shuffle board with each competitor taking a turn.
A man in white shorts steps in front of the camera and moves the discs with his foot.
A view of the grass is shown, then several scenes of croquette bats hitting balls through the loops on the ground.
A man is seen spraying down a car with a hose and using a rag in front of it.
A special effect intro screen appears and it has the words "Reebox CrossFit GAMES THE FITTEST ON EARTH 2013" in special letter size and shape.
An outro screen appears and it includes the same intro screen but this time with white wording at the bottom that includes copyright information.
A man in a black t-shirt puts make up on a woman wearing a grey t-shirt.
A man wearing a striped shirt puts make up on a girl with black hair.
More clips of the men putting make up on the woman's lips.
A person rides a motorcycle on a dirt path.
man is standing holdnig a pofessional camera and doing weightlifting.
men are insisde a tent selling shirts and th man is talking to the camera.
men are in a open green grassy field holding big black elbows and practicing some shots.
White on black text appear for a while.
Two boys are sitting on bleachers and talking.
They scrub their shoes, then polish them off.
The boy puts his shoes on as they continue talking, then gets up and runs away.
A large red slack line is connected to two trees out in a park.
When they are finished,the two couples sit in the grass enjoying a picnic.
The credits of the clip are shown along with a split screen of associated images.
Barack Obama is seen playing a game of pool while many watch and take pictures around the table.
Two young men play ping pong  front to front in an indoor facility.
Then, one of the man goes to the side of the tennis table to continue playing.
The ball hit the net and fall to the floor.
An older man is seen sitting in a chair brushing the hair of a small child standing in front of him.
A guy runs indoors in a gym.
The guy lands on his back, rises, begins to leave the padded platform.
An Asian man is standing outside talking while holding a helmet in one hand and his performance bike in the other.
He then walks away and meets up with another racer and begins to move his pedals.
The man is now at the top of the rack and the bar is let down and the two men begin moving throughout the dirt track.
Once the guy is finished,he begins to congratulate him before he takes off again.
The horse walks and gallops in circles, and pass over a pole on the ground.
Then, the horse pass over a low obstacle galloping in circles.
A person holds a leash of a horse that walks in circles.
a frozen shot of two people about to play Foosball.
People in orange matching suits wave.
When he's finished he pulls the instrument from his mouth.
When they are done and the victor has been declared, the top three men pose with their medals.
A man on a board and a sail is in the ocean and words appear on the screen and say "Freestyle Practice Bonaire 2007".
The whole time there are other people in the water also doing their own things on their boards and sails.
A runner springs across the track and jumps onto a dirt field.
Another sprinter does the same.
Several clips are shown of children playing on a playground that include riding swings, climbing ropes, and sliding down slides.
Several more clips are shown of kids interacting with a playground as well as looking to the camera and smiling and waving.
A close up of a computer and shown and switch to a man playing the guitar with another man in the background.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a racket and men standing behind him.
The man then demonstrates how to hit the ball over a net while still speaking to the camera.
A lady sits on a couch and clips her cat's claws.
Four women get on their knees and race to remove a tire.
The lady in black goes around checking all the tires.
a man is talking inside a news room.
A man is in a workshop, holding a piece of wood and talking.
He applies a second coat, then shows off the finished product.
A woman is in a kitchen, talking.
She shows how to use the bottom of a coffee mug to sharpen her knife.
woman is sanding quiet and then start doing movements.
Then, a group of boys holding bass drums put their hats on the ground then start to play.
Three people are captured rock climbing a tall and large rock scape surrounded by open grass and tree covered terrain while a small group of people watch from the bottom of the rock.
The girl turns to a boy next to her and attempts to rub the lotion on him.
The woman jumps in and rubs lotion on the boy, too.
The man in plaid shirt left the fireplace and the man and woman continue to dance.
Several pictures of the karate boy are shown as well as him battling another child.
The male hosts speaks to the camera smiling in the end.
A plate of pasta with shrimp is shown.
Meat is added, and a pesto is made.
The ingredients are then mixed into the pasta and plated.
A man in a red jersey holds a ball behind his head.
He spins around several times and launches it onto the field.
Several pictures of magazine covers are shown.
A man lays down on a bench and lifts a heavy weight.
Other people whiz by as the man struggles to ski.
She bend down and rinse her face, when her face is visible on the camera her face is clear.
paintball tactics appears on the screen while a person is walking with the gun staying up.
person holding the gun run through the field and hides behind some rubbers to shot the enemies.
A close up of a woman's face is shown followed by someone putting makeup on her and a woman speaking to her.
The guy starts to play a wooden flute.
Women are sitting around in a room.
A man is seen cleaning off a bowling ball and leads into several clips of him bowling down a lane.
More shots are shown of the man bowling while the camera captures him from several angles.
Another man is seen standing in front of a hose and dipping clothes underneath as well.
A large group of people are seen sitting in a gymnasium with a group of girls playing tug of war.
In the end one group pulls it further than the other.
Two people perform fencing while three children appears in the screen talking.
Couples of fencers compete while kids talk on front a wall.
A woman is seen walking into a room holding objects and speaking to the camera while a man in the back unrolls tubes.
The woman continues speaking to the camera and shows clips of the man laying down wallpaper and cutting it to fit the wall.
A man wearing Arab clothes talks on front a crow while holding a large umbrella.
A person walks in the street holding an umbrella.
They talk about how to play the game as they continue playing with several people.
A man is standing on a field, playing with a dog and a frisbee.
Several people are seated all around, watching.
He gathers many frisbees to continue playing with the dog.
The man continues to play on the drums and ends by standing up and walking away.
He jumps up smiling as the others laugh.
He is using a steamer to blow steam all over a window.
He then uses a brush to scrape it clean.
A group of girls stand around a large gym with a volleyball net in the middle and begin playing.
One swings the ball back to the other side and push the ball back and fourth.
A person washes dishes in a sink.
Then, the person wash a pan in the sink.
A person is jumping on a skateboard on a slack line.
A man adjusts a makeshift cardboard hat on his head.
The girls look at the pumpkin seated together on the floor.
The man uses the hose and towel to clean the car's rear.
The person continues to weld metal.
A woman in a pink shirt wipes her eyes.
She finishes playing the piano and people stand up to clap for her.
A man wearing sunglasses is standing at the edge of the ocean on a beach in front of a man seated in a kayak.
Scenes of various individuals practicing hockey skills are shown.
More scenes of hockey skill practice are shown.
We see the white team score a goal.
The credits of clip are shown.
People are kayaking on a rocking body of water.
People sit on a still kayak, and a guy carries a kayak while sitting on rocks.
Several men are shown one after the other on a field.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her walking around a building.
She walks out of the salon and holds up her hair while screaming to the camera.
The woman is seated facing the camera while another woman styles her hair.
The woman spins slowly in front of the camera showing the completed hairstyle.
A man is seated on exercise equipment.
He pulls and pushes, sending himself back and forth on the machine as he works out.
A woman describes how to make a hula hoop.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding up a box as well as a pair of scissors and a piece of tape.
The woman then pulls out wrapping paper and begins wrapping the box with tape and paper.
The woman then puts a bow on top and dances around wearing sunglasses and still speaking with a cat in frame.
The camera focuses on her hands slowly working the fabric around the needles.
Then, the man throws the javelin.
A person wearing white shirt walks behind the man.
A green cart drives by.
We see the men and the coaches on the sideline.
He adjusts his fishing pole.
A large group of people are seen standing around a city center waiting for people to arrive.
Girls dancing are seen walking through the parade as other people watch on the side.
More dancers continue moving through and moving with one another as people still watch on the side.
A screen with text is shown.
Two children play with a slide.
The two children return to playing with the slide.
The two children return to playing with the house.
The musician talks in a small group during a busy event.
The musician kneels  on one leg and finishes her song then gets a standing ovation from the crowd.
A group of people ride bumper cars at an amusement park.
A young man is sitting on a skateboard on the left side of a blue double sided children's slide.
The man then rolls down the slide on his skateboard and when he reaches the end he flies off of the skateboard and fells very hard onto the ground.
A person is seen pouring liquid into a bucket then grabbing a mop and moving it around the bucket.
The camera follows the border riding down the road and switches to several other people riding boards.
A man is leaning over a frame in a workshop.
He continues welding the metal for the video.
A man is outdoors on a grassy field and walks toward a circle in the middle of the grass.
The man begins to swing the ball around him very quickly, then starts spinning his body at the same time where he eventually lets go of the rope and the ball goes flying.
The man looks toward the direction of the ball and then walks to towards the camera.
There are a lot of a people in an indoor gymnasium filled with a lot of gymnastic mats and equipment.
The man then plays a game with a large group of people who catch and hit balls all around them.
A truck is shown parked in a driveway with words on the front bumper.
Shingles on the roof are being detached and removed.
Nails are hammered in, reseating the shingles.
A photo of two men working on a bike.
Then, the person pours the juice in a pot through a strainer, and adds sugar and heat for 5 min.
An athlete runs and performs long jump on the sand, then he lay down on the ground.
man and a little kid are sanding in snow entrance.
a couple are walking in the sidewalk.
A horse stands in a barn with its head passing over the gate.
A girl sits on a horse and pets its mane.
a group of girls are inside a gym.
The girls kick and punch at each other for practice.
A large group does an exercise dance in a plaza area next to the stage.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera that leads into several clips of people fencing.
The people then demonstrate proper fencing technique while the camera pans around their bodies and their movements.
A woman in blue swimsuit is standing at diving board then she walks towards the edge of the board bounce and jumped to the pool.
The woman in swimsuits walked towards the end of the diving board bounced and dive into the pool.
A young girl is seen jumping down a walk way and then walking back to where she started.
She jumps back down the same path again playing hopscotch and folds her hands down while looking at the camera.
There are two people underwater and a man is holding on to a strap on the woman and he's guiding her as they swim under water.
A man sits on a picnic bench while wearing jump stilts.
lights are on on a hockey court, disks are on the floor and players are watching them.
men starts playing on the court trying to score.
Three coaches gives instructions to a group of teens holding white sheets.
A teen run in the track, then he jumps over a pole but he makes it falls.
Something goes wrong and a black screen appears and said "Redo!", so they begin again and they're both struggling to win and the man on the right screams, and then wins by pushing the man's hand down.
The winner smiles, flexes his two arms, stands up, shows his arm muscles and he sits down on another table.
A man is speaking in front of a giant screen.
Several horses with riders are seen playing a game of polo.
Prince Harry speaks to a crowd before going back to the newsroom.
A child pushes a toy lawn mower behind his father mowing the lawn.
The father points to a place in the grass for the child to mow.
1 A Guy is playing the saxophone.
3  The guy plays the saxophone again.
An screen comes up about WOOFD2 a club for dogs who catch discs.
A still shot appears of the woman and her dog as the 1st place winners at the championship.
The man picks up a scrubber pad and spray bottle and holds them up to show.
The man scrubs off the bathroom sink and toilet areas using the spray bottle solution.
Then, the knife cuts the eyes and the nose of the pumpkin.
A gymnast holds a heavy ball on his right hand, then the gymnast turns to his side and throws the ball to the ground while people watch him.
Then, a man kneel to see where the ball fall, and a person measure the distance.
The man then spreads the plaster around the floor and moves around to different spots on the floor.
The man uses a comb to help style the hair.
A sailer spins his sail with both hands without falling to the water.
A large group of field hockey players are seen performing a game on a large field with many others watching.
Several more games are shown with the same team with the goalie being the main focus each game.
In the end several shots are shown of the goalie making saves.
She gets on a bike with other people, and begins riding while she talks.
She lies on the floor and does aerobic exercises before getting back on the recumbent bike for an extended period of time.
The boys continue hitting the ball around the room while chasing after it several times.
A car wash structure is shown.
A big truck goes through the car wash.
A black sedan is parked by the detail shop area.
A young man cleans the wheels of a white car.
Information of the car wash is displayed.
Boy climbs the stairs with a smile.
Someone is seen peeling the outside of a pumpkin.
They then carve a face into the pumpkin.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while kneeling down on one knee.
He goes over numerous hills and passes the watching crowd before coming to a stop on the grass.
The people are cooking on a grill, and rafting in the water.
A man in a blue shirt is standing on a beach.
A little boy in a blue life jacket is standing in the water.
A man is shown running that leads into an intro, followed by a photograph of him.
More text is shown and another child is seen speaking to the camera while her mom smokes and she breathe in an inhaler.
he walks into a concrete circle while holds a ball.
The man removes the cigarette and puts it back.
The man removes the cigarette and shows it to the camera.
little kid is dancing waring a pink dress in a room.
A woman is carrying hula hoops over her shoulder.
They start hula hooping on the beach.
The person unhooks the mop and shows it off to the camera and placing it back down.
An empty ice rink is seen with stationary pucks.
Teams gather around a man making announcements before the match.
The winning team poses for a photograph.
All the teams get together in a large group and pose for a photo.
A second woman stops and joins the woman in examining the object.
People are snow boarding or skiing down a snow covered slope.
A man is kneeling down painting a curb.
After, the woman uses an iron comb and a regular comb and to continues straighten the hair.
A man prepares to hammer throw.
The man spins and releases.
A man is seen kneeling on a platform while speaking to the camera and placing his hands on his hips.
A Red light on the left turns on.
We see table tennis, tennis, and archery.
A person is seen sitting at a table and cutting out an outline on the pumpkin.
The man continues cutting the pumpkin and the camera zooms in on it's face in the light and in the dark.
She is shown adding all the ingredients to a sifter, then stirring them into a bowl with vanilla.
When she is done, she pours the batter into a coffee mug.
She then places the mug in a microwave, and the finished cake is shown.
She stirs cream cheese and sugar into a bowl to make cream cheese frosting, then places the cupcake into a liner and tops it with the frosting.
A person is chopping a mango on a red board.
They skin lemons and set them on the plate.
The man lies on the ground and has the dog jump over him catching a Frisbee.
A girl practice twirling a baton around her arm,back and neck while a person watch from far in the back ground.
A woman helps the girl up onto a beam while other girls are seen practicing on the sides.
A blue cloth with several large pink flowers is laying on a blue ironing board.
A lady then begins to unfold and fold the cloth and talk about the pattern that is displayed.
The game proceeds and someone makes a goal and then their DVD flashes on the screen.
Two people are seen walking to one another leads into them playing a volleyball match with others.
People drumming are shown in the end as a camera closes in around the people.
A shot of a building is shown followed by a man speaking to the camera.
The man take turns smoking from the hookah and the camera pans around the area.
Several scenes are shown of the inside of a bowling alley.
He makes a strike, then lets the slower ball hit the remaining two pins.
The blond woman opens a carton of cigarettes places a cigarette in her mouth lights a match and then lights the cigarette.
The camera pans over the woman's body as she lies on the floor ending with a side view of the woman's face as she exhales the smoke.
The man in black shirt threw the frisbee in the green field and the dog chase after it and bring it back to the man, the man continue to threw the frisbee and the dog keep chasing it and return it to the man.
We see the lady scrape snow from her windshield with a scraper.
The lady waves by to the camera.
A woman is painting a drawer orange.
She dips the paint brush into a paint can and continues painting.
A girl tries to put a contact lens in her left eye.
The girl holds her eye lid open with her right fingers.
An older man is shown talking to the camera while placing his hands along a tree bush.
someone is explaining mathematical formulas in a paper in the deck chairs while drinks cocktails.
He holds a ball in his hand and spins around.
People play soccer game inside a court.
A player receives a ball on his chest and pass to the neck of other man, then they continue playing.
A player wearing white t-shirt stand on front a ball to shoot it, but a young player comes behind take the ball and score, this scene is played several several times.
A black man wearing a hospital employee shirt applies an optic solution to his finger.
The man in the dark hospital shirt reapplies the optic solution to his finger and proceeds to demonstrate how to insert a contact lens to the eye.
There is a white cup sitting on the floor.
man starts dancing break dance and showing the corret way of doing it.
There are two people on a fenced in field and one of them has  rope that they're moving, another person is looking down at something in their hands.
The man solves the puzzle and then grabs the camera to point to the computer to show his time.
The kids continue hitting back and fourth while the camera pans around their movements.
The lady holds the ping pong ball while discussing before she leaves.
Two girls are playing dress up in a bathroom.
The girls clean their faces while laughing.
One girl dries her face on a towel hanging on the wall.
A man is going kayaking in a lagoon.
The kid then begins to use a scraping tool to remove the wax layer from the snowboard.
The boy buffs the item with a sponge to polish it off as an older man dances behind him for the camera.
A woman is seen standing in front of a mirror while holding a monkey.
She continues to brush her teeth as well as helping the monkey shes holding.
Video of a young man balancing on a diving board is shown from above.
The man dives into the indoor pool.
People are laying carpet in a room.
They are rubbing a metal device over the carpet.
They are using a steamer to get the carpet to bind together.
He then jumps into a lunge and lifts the weights over his hand, throwing them down in the end.
An advertisement is shown for a beer pong ball washer.
The girl stops to speak to the camera as well as show off her scraped knee and walk around the area.
He does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
He jumps off the balance beam and lifts his arms in the air.
While the lady in the black blouse curls the child's hair the little girl is holding a sponge curler and hands it to the lady one at a time.
The little girl with all the curlers in her hair looks at herself in the mirror and poses and smiles at herself.
A person workouts in a cardio machine in a gym while explaining.
Then, he stops and talks pointing the panel of the cardio machine.
The people in white costumes are dancing slowly on the stage, raising their legs and arms and forming into four groups.
A person demonstrates how to use the boat while the camera pans around the inside and outside and showing more clips of people wakeboarding and moving.
A man starts up a gas powered hedger and hands it to someone standing on a platform.
The man on the platform trims the top of a hedge with the hedge trimmer.
An old woman handle an ax to a young lady.
A man is standing in the room playing a set of orange and white congas with a green taped cross on it.
As the man continues,he begins to move his lips for a while as if he is talking to someone else in the room.
The man then speeds up and continues playing one of the congas.
The person then begins riding down the hill in a tube.
She changes blow dryers and continues blow drying her hair.
She spins around to show her hair.
the guy stands and puts on more of the sun block lotion while other people in the back ground stands/sits on the sand talking.
He finally finishes putting on the sun block,sits back down and grabs a can of liquid that he starts to drink.
A group of people are walking outdoors, and people are preparing to run in a race.
A man runs with a cup and orange in his mouth.
She begins to put one shoe on followed by another.
They take turns pushing the puck towards the end of the game board.
The pinata is raised and lowered while the boy swings to hit it.
A man comes and takes the stick from the boy.
The boy who's wearing a blue sweater and gray pants is walking this caramel colored dog.
the dog comes along and they keep walking on the concrete path.
the boy stops to look at the camera.
Next he runs through the park until he stops to see a black dog sitting by a tree.
The waves knock him off his surfboard.
A girl bumps the car of a boy, then she backs down and continues driving.
A person is seen balance on a set of uneven bars while a man watches on the side.
The boy swings his legs several times and ends by falling down and hurting himself.
The man is seen performing on several different gymnastics objects as well as doing push ups.
The young people are playing dodge ball in the gym.
The other group that are on the wall standing are watching as the other group carrying the balls walk up to them and throw the ball.
A view of the water is shown from underneath, then on top.
They show the boys how to wrestle, as they try to push the large men around.
The man gently lifts and sets the boys back down, as they are unable to fight them.
A player looks around while another steps up to the plate and several players and coaches look around and laugh.
The man stands on the table and sits the stool upright.
The man is standing on a stool as he water skis in  lake.
The man does a spin while on the stool.
a man is shown parasailing away from the shore.
He tilts, trying to stay up right on his board.
After, the person  go continue cleaning.
Men competes weightlifting successfully in the Olympic games.
Then, an athlete wearing purple clothes staggers when the weight is above his head, but after the athlete raises the weight better.
A person raise a weight above his head, and then he falls the weight.
After, a youth performs weightlifting successfully, then jumps happily and is congratulated by people.
A croquet match is occurring during a sunny day.
A girl is shown trying to change a tire.
We see men in a ring bullfighting.
A bunch of men hold the bull as a man gets on it's back and falls off.
man is holding a vacuum and cleaning a carpet.
They hit a ball over a net during a game of table tennis.
The ball falls, and a man walks after it.
A large group of people are seen standing in a circle with a man break dancing in the middle.
More men continue taking turns with one another while people watch on the sides.
A young girl hopes a square into her hopscotch game.
The girl struggles in jumping the fourth square.
Finally, she jumps her last fifth square.
Text introducing the subject of the video and the record set in Snatch in 2014.
A man emerges about to lift a barbell then successfully lifts it and drops it before waving to the crowd.
A second event in 2002 is titled with text before the man in blue performs the same lift move successfully.
A man is riding in a bumper car with two small children.
The little boy tries to help him steer.
A young girl is shown doing a split and leads into several clips of her cheerleading with others.
The same girl is shown warming up and stretching as well as competing on stage and interviewing the news.
women are dancing arabian music and wearing arabian skirts in a stage holding cloths and a fan.
woman is in a room in front of a miror doing he belly dance.
We see a couple of opening screens.
We see a the tools needed in order to complete this task.
We see a man till the ground and spread black mulch on the ground around the tree.
We see the man grab a handful of mulch and pick out pieces.
We see the tree in the field.
We see the closing credits.
We see an opening title screen.
A ballerina dances across the room.
We see a lady giving the ballerina instructions as she dips on the bar.
The ballerina dips on one foot.
The lady speaks to the camera.
We see the ballerina on pointe and down and up again.
We then see the ending screen.
It then skips to him getting a tattoo from an unseen person.
There is s tattoo gun in the frame and his arm is resting on a blanket while the man works.
Eventually a stencil of the outline of the tattoo is places and the frames go to still shot of his finished artwork on his forearm.
The second group begins to use their paddles to turn into several circles demonstrating a pivot turn.
After a while,the two stop and begin moving to other parts of the water and then the credits began to roll.
She pretends to iron clothes.
The two groups are playing a game of tug of war.
They pull and tug the rope in opposing directions.
A camera pans around a large beach and zooms in on a person riding on a surf board.
A man is seen sitting on a piece of machinery while speaking to the camera.
The men continuously moves around on the machine while looking off into the distance.
Rivas Vaciamadrid logo is on the screen.
He is explaining techniques and equipment.
He is talking more about how to bowl and showing moves.
He is showing how to hold and roll the ball.
He ends by talking to the camera again.
Two teams play a game of dodge ball in a gym.
Players stand in a defensive line shoulder to shoulder.
A group huddles in the corner for safety.
The surfer passes over another surfer.
We see an opening tile screen.
The baby looks off to the right distracted.
We see the ending credits.
A man is seen sticking his foot above a fire that leads into several pictures of people camping.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The man touches and displays an alcohol bottle.
The man takes out a tall glass cup.
The man pours a liquid into the measurer and then into the glass.
The man adds ice to the glass.
The man shakes the liquid.
The man pours the shaken liquid into a smaller glass.
The man picks up an orange and cuts its skin.
The man squeezes the skin above the glass and adds it to the drink.
Then the cooker, detach the omelette with the sticks and tap the handle of the pan with the arm.
Kids are jump roping in a gym.
A large group of people are seen playing hockey and leads into the people getting in a fight with one another.
Several people trek up it on skis.
Several skiers ski down the mountain.
The woman in the blue swimsuit has control of the yellow floating ball while the woman in the black swimsuit reaches and fights to get the ball unsuccessfully.
The yellow ball is thrown back into the water by an unseen entity and the woman in the blue swimsuit gains possession of the ball again.
A man is sitting on a riding lawn mower.
He goes back and forth mowing the lawn.
Two men, one of them older, are on a stage.
One of the men waves and the other man claps.
More still shots of the older man and a video of the older man playing drums are shown.
The two men shake hands, sit down and talk.
A news anchor is seen talking.
Additional still shots are shown.
A man in a striped shirt reads from a paper as two men stand on logs axing the logs.
A wood chopping legend is seen talking to the camera.
He walks to pick up and ax.
A group of men stand on top of logs, chopping away.
A couple of men chop some wood until one of them jumps off the log and raises his hands up in excitement.
A group of men are seen sitting in individual tubs, trying to paddle towards a finish line.
One of the men is seen swimming around in the water.
A group of men are sitting at a table drinking beer and chatting, they bring their drinks together and talk some more before starting to chug.
They are laughing and talking about the results, one of them pouring on to little plates.
A group of inline skaters are being interviewed by a woman with a microphone.
They are seen skating while the woman talks to them.
A large group of people are seen running down a street with bulls chasing them one behind.
Several people taunt the bull with sticks while the bull chases others around an area.
The person on stilts goes through the city and on sidewalks.
A man is playing an accordian with a piano onstage before a crowd.
Several clips are shown of a woman hitting a ball with a man helping her in front.
The man finishes by speaking to the camera more.
Someone holds up a bottle of spray, and he runs to hide behind a towel.
He walks out of the room in tears.
A woman talks to the camera from an outside environment surrounded by cars covered in snow.
More scenes of products inside the Lowe's store is shown.
A lady grabs a section of hair on the top of her head and puts it in a ponytail.
The lady pulls her braid in front of her and continues braiding.
The lady cuts the rubber band on her first ponytail with scissors.
Two kids walk to and sit in swings.
We see the girl swinging and a girl pushing the boy on the swing.
A man is doing a routine on the parallele bars.
People are applauding in the stands for them.
He plays as people slowly gather to listen to him.
Several people are seen playing volleyball followed by a man speaking to the camera and pointing to players standing on the side.
The others continue to hit the ball while the camera records.
A man bends down and picks up a piece of wood and balance it onto a standing log.
The man then backs up and raises his axe above his head.
The video is slowed down and the man brings the axe down with force and he cuts the piece of wood in half.
They continue surfing, trying to stay on their boards.
A group of jockeys ride horses on manicured lawns interspersed with children learning how to play polo in polo classes held outdoors.
A group of jockeys ride horses on a manicured green lawn, the players have hats and jerseys, hold polo sticks and the horses have binded tails while some have long leg protectors on.
The jockeys on horses reappear riding the horses across vast stretches of green, grass dotted with tall palm trees.
Two people are seen fencing with one another while other people watch on the side.
More shots are shown of people playing with one another while a person speaks to the camera.
The same man continues speaking to the camera while other people fence.
Several pictures are shown of people sitting together as well as video of them sitting in a stand.
She continues spinning around and ends up jumping down and smiling while holding her arms up.
He is swimming through and looking at the debris and wreckage on the ocean floor.
He looks at various fish under the water.
The woman continues using the object on her hair while the effects continue to move in slow motion.
The boat continues riding along the water while the camera captures the boat from several angles.
A person rides a horse in a corral.
A man in black shirt and shorts is skateboarding on the road from one side to other side as the orange bus coming from other side.
We see a title screen and see a man frog kick underwater.
He then walks over to the hedges and begins to cut down the leaves on it.
Several shots are shown of people riding around on skateboards as well as falling down and laughing.
More clips are shown of kids performing tricks on skateboards and riding past the camera.
Once the lights are on,the boy goes back to the couch and the other boy leaves the room.
A person is snowboarding on a hill.
A lady jumps up and down with her hands in the air.
The man poses and runs around in a parking lot.
The man interacts with others.
A woman is sweeping the floor in a kitchen.
She then mops the floor with a mop.
The woman then speaks to the officers while others watch on the side.
A close up of a pan is seen followed by a person pouring ingredients into a pan.
A woman is seen standing in a living room with a dog holding a frisbee.
The woman does tricks with the dog while still holding the frisbee in her hands.
The people then drive around the game bumping into one another constantly and end by stopping the car.
He lands into the water, splashing everywhere as people clap.
The woman put syrup to a bowl with marshmallows.
Once finished, he speaks to the camera.
She then irons all along the shirt while continuing to speak and fold the shirt around.
They put the pan in the oven.
They take it out of the oven.
They put the cookies onto a plate.
A player get hit the face by a hockey puck.
A player get out of the game area and sits in a bench.
A girl sits at a table with many finished wrapped presents.
The girl peels away a self sealing strip on the wrapping paper.
The girl tapes the exterior of the present.
A man is outdoors, wearing a chef's coat.
He does several different serving moves.
He walks around in circles, giving a demonstration.
refere is wearing a black and white t shirt and is watching the wrestlers.
A man and is dog are seen standing in the middle of a fenced in area performing tricks with frisbees.
Many people watch on the side as the man performs tricks with the dog using several frisbees.
The man in a costume rides the unicycle and plays a bagpipe.
A man jumps off of his unicycle.
man is crossing the street with stilts and runs through the sidewalk.
people are standnig in sidewalk waiting to cross te street.
People are playing drums and dancing.
A rivers roaring rapids are about to carry a large group of rafters.
Another group goes down perfectly, right down the middle.
A man holds up a white flag and the lady walks away.
The land bends forward as we see her scores on the screen.
The person rides all around the area performing flips and tricks on the pavement.
They assemble, then begin tossing each other in the air.
They put on a performance for the crowd, flipping and dancing.
The man in blue jacket is chopping a big trunk.
The man handed the axe to the next guy.
She pouts the lotion out on a spoon and then shows more in her hands.
She then begins applying it all over her body while still speaking to the camera.
Another child is shown sliding down the red slide, followed by the first child.
The second child is shown sliding down a multicolored slide with bumps.
The first child is shown sliding down a yellow slide several times.
A boy approach a chair and sits, then he touch a radio.
A man and woman are talking on tv with microphones.
A small boy plays the piano for the crowd, pleasing them greatly.
A boat approaches, and the guy is in the boat.
The guy goes water surfing while holding on to a rope connected to the boat.
The guy lets go of the rope attachment and glides on the surface.
The credits of the video are shown.
Several people are shown running inside onto a field with hundreds of people watching on the sidelines.
The men then play soccer for a bit when one jumps on the fence and several grab him on the sides.
A man is playing the bag pipes in front of a building on fire.
A small group of people are seen standing around holding lacrosse sticks.
Finally they cheer with all the players and coaches.
A man is seen blind folded on a stage and a woman hands him darts while speaking to him.
The woman then takes a brush out and begins to scrub a wheat boot.
After,she walks into another room and cleans a Chuck Taylor with a sponge,some liquid and a white towel.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and stepping on a piece of exercise equipment.
A person is welding something on a table.
We see men putting on gear and walking out onto a steep crane.
We see the lady jump from a distance.
The title reappears on the screen and fades to black.
People try to walk on a tight rope or slack line.
The guy and lady pose in a photo.
The group continues moving around together with the woman still instructing in front.
They are having  a really good time taking their shots and trying to win.
A woman is talking to the camera on the beach.
She runs past a woman with a dog.
He spins around several times with the ball.
woman is in a abandoned field raking dy leaves from the floor.
old woman is sweeping dry leaves from the floor.
A rushing white river is shown in the woods.
man is siting in a chair showing the right position to do water ski.
A man is seen cutting trees in a backyard while the camera pans around the area.
Several men work together on the home and the camera pans around the yard in the end.
People are playing a game on a foosball machine inside of their home.
Someone puts their hand in the way to put the ball back in the game.
They continue to play trying to score and keep the other player from scoring.
A still shot picture appears but with a special affect to it as if it were made up of vertical strips that were flipped to turn into a picture of a woman and with the company name on the right that say's "SkinMedica" and words on the bottom of the screen that read "How to Apply", and the next picture is a bottle of the product which is silver with gold writing on it.
A red headed woman is now putting the product onto the back of her left hand and with her right hand she puts the product on her face, and then uses both hand to apply it all over her face.
A person then begins pushing the snow along the area.
In the end a large group of people are seen all riding together.
A large group of people are seen running down a field with one scoring a goal and the rest lining up.
A woman dressed in athletic gear is standing and talking on a wooden floor with exercise gear around her.
They fight over the ball, trying to get it into the goal.
An man talks to a young man that holds a violin.
Then, the man shakes hand and talks to a person that sits in the room.
The man sprays down the fence all over as the camera pans around them.
People are throwing bowling balls down a lane at pins.
Someone dumps bowling balls and pins into a machine that shreds them.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a small ski.
The man then holds up a wax machine and pours wax onto the side.
He runs the machine along the ski as well as shaving off the excess wax and pointing to the ski.
The lady uses an electric shaver and shaves the dogs hair.
The lady puts the shaver down and talks to the camera.
A person then spreads around the plaster and places tiles on the floor with the plaster.
A woman is sweeping the floor in a casino.
The camera passes several people as he continues to ride along and move faster down the hill.
In the end he makes it down the hill and enters the ski lift once again.
A group of cheerleaders run on stage with and get set in their spots to start their performance.
They begin with the middle girls being flipped in the air and then the girls run on cheering and doing flips.
They stay in sync throughout the entire cheer, looking great and hitting all the moves with grace.
They end the routine with a huge triangle of girl being held up by with three rows of women, top middle and bottom.
He trips and falls down on his knees.
A woman wearing a pink hat is holding a plate with cookies on it.
People are jump roping outside in a park.
A man is sitting at a piano in front of sheet music.
He plays gracefully at the piano, reading the music.
He speeds up and slows down as required, then stops.
The guy lifts the weights over his head, and the guy jumps into the air in joy.
She is then shown texting and walking all around town with her dog.
A woman is seen walking on stage taking pictures and speaking to a man in a chair.
Two people are dancing in a room.
They spin around on the dance floor.
They finish dancing and step away from each other.
She is then seen interviewing with the camera at a jousting match.
People give the man tips while he continues to play and others watch.
A man is waxing and buffing his skies.
He uses the buffer on the ski again.
He is buffing it with a fine buffer.
The girl then brushes the horses mane and tail with the brush along with its head and nose.
The girl finally brushes the horses legs and, combs its main, and then brushes the bottom of the horses hoofs before turning to talk to the camera again while standing next to the horse.
man is doing pectoral exercises on a gym wooden room.
man is sitting in a chair on the back.
A man walks into a room.
We then focus on the wall the man works on.
We see the man adding plaster to his base.
We follow the man as he gets more plaster.
The man walks away from the wall.
There's a man in a blue striped shirt and a woman in a black hoodie standing in a bathroom.
A man talks to the camera.
comic girls are dancing in a white room and singing rock paper scissors.
one of the girls choose scissors and a thread pull her.
A fish shaped cake displayed on a table.
Baker artist then mixes a liquid and another powder mixture together and gets a different color texture.
The artist then paints on the liquid onto the entire fish cake.
The artist shows a bottle of blue color liquid which he uses to paint stripes on to the fish cake.
men are standing in a backyard chopping a trunk.
A young girl is sitting in the room positioning her camera.
When she is finish,she looks into the camera smiles and stops playing.
People are kayaking in a river.
A boy irons a pair of boxes on an ironing board.
The boy takes off his sweatshirt.
The boy plants his face into the pan of food.
The boy eats more, then covers the pan of food with foil, and take it away.
A pair of hands washes something at a sink.
A man uses the cleaning utensils to clean a window.
A close up of ingredients are shown followed by a persons hands moving around the objects.
A person steps on a button to start up a machine sitting on the ground.
The person shines her right boot in the electric buffer machine.
A person's leg is seen close up followed by a person painting a wall.
He continues to paint and shows off a boat in the end.
A woman drags a mop around a kitchen floor.
A woman is standing in front of a counter in a kitchen, talking.
She sets out two slices of bread, tomato and mayonnaise.
She cuts the tomato into slices, then spreads mayo onto the bread before applying the tomatoes.
We begin by looking down a counter at kitchen sink.
Knives are washed and rinsed next, along with other silverware.
He stands up and runs to get back on the horse.
A lady is setting up and discussing her three bottles of cosmetics on the bathroom floor.
The lady puts the glitter over the polish.
Again, the man talks and then cut the beard of the man with scissors.
There are three people wearing athletic gear and standing at along table with a lot of people sitting behind it and it's located in an indoor gym.
The three people walk away from the table with jump ropes in their hand and they walk to the center of the court and get in formation with the boy on the left girl in the middle and the other girl to the right.
This little baby is shown pretending to iron her clothes.
A little baby crawls into the scene for a little while, but then leaves back out.
The new vacuum simply pushes the paper mess around so they turn it off.
A series of still shots of the man smiling with another man looking on, the man receiving a medal for the long jump, another replay of the jump and a final scoreboards are displayed.
Water is beating against the shore as a truck appears, backing up into the waves.
He does several flips in the air before landing back in the splashing waves.
A man scrapes snows off of the back windshield of a blue car with a red handled ice scraper.
The man scraping the snow, makes a snowball and throws it in the direction of the camera, at which point a hand appears, holding a cigarette from the behind the camera.
A gymnast performs on the pommel horse on front a crowd.
Then, the woman stands on the edge of the pommel horse and flips  backward four times.
The gymnast flips in the air one time.
A boy with a microphone is interviewing a man in sunglasses.
A male picks up the ball.
The male falls to the ground.
The male sits up with a towel on his wound.
They place their arms in the air, then dive into the pool below before getting out.
A man applies ski wax to a cross country ski while secured on a work table.
The man then uses a blow drier to melt the wax evenly onto the skis.
He then removes the ski from the work table and wipes the ski down with a clean cloth.
The man then leans the ski against the work table.
An elderly lady sits on a couch knitting.
The camera shifts then zooms in and out.
After, the woman pours the black liquid on glasses that have a strainer on top, in one glass the liquid is black and in the other glass the water is clean.
After, the  woman shows a beauty product.
A person wearing a bright orange vest is standing at the end of a steep snowy hill and five people on rubber tubes ride down towards the person.
Various clips of different people are shown going up the steep hill and they all take turns going down and then catching a ride to go back up the hill to do it all over again multiple times.
Lastly, there's a person going down a zip line then it goes to a black screen with white text that read "Recordnet dot com VIDEO".
An expert, in an office is seen in front of a computer monitor measuring the distance of the wave from its top height in the air to the landing point in the water to measure the surfers distance in wave riding.
We see a series of intro screens.
A man wipes a wall with his hand, and pulls a cord up from the baseboard.
The ending credits run over a man playing piano.
They stand around talking in costumes.
They all start drinking their beer at the same time.
The man ties up the calf and walks away from roping it up.
The woman wraps her leg around the man.
The man lifts and spins the woman.
We then see a red end screen.
The people continue working out and the camera fades to black.
The left man squats down as the other leans forward.
The right man pats the other on the head and he stands.
A boy sits on a bathroom floor and holds up a low top tennis shoe to show the features.
The boy wipes down the sole of the tennis shoe using the wet wipe towel.
Little girls are shown sliding down a large red slide on a playground.
They run away from the camera as a third girl begins to slide.
The girls continue dancing with one another and stop in the end to look around.
They go down slides, climb around, and use the other equipment.
The baby throws his right arm in the air.
The baby eats his ice cream and looks around the car.
Men sets up and throw  shot put balls in a track and field competition onto the field.
Runner race in a track event.
On the late night show the guest is Neil Patrick Harris, he is very excited to see a horse come out on stage and jumps up and down very happily.
Once they sit back down they talk for a while and then Neil starts playing the harmonica.
Then, a man and a woman set up a Christmas tree.
Then, the couple put lights and ornaments on the tree.
One person then jumps off the side and is seen again being pulled up on the rope.
A pair of adults are seen with a group of young African kids taking pictures.
A man in a red shirt is holding a ball and racket talking.
They then begin to dance, twirling and swirling and leaning against each other.
They stop dancing, staring intently at each other.
They are going around the tree adding lights to it.
A man is seen sitting in front of the camera while holding up leaves and dressing.
He closes up the bottle and begins eating the food.
We see a man playing a saxophone in front of microphones.
The man stops playing and talks to the camera as the screen flashes black quickly.
A woman appears and talks to the camera in a room with a bookcase and paintbrushes in it in the background.
The days continue to progress watching her go and shots of her riding the lift and tightening her boots are shown.
She now rides down the hill without falling and is able to move effectively back and fourth.
The man moves all around the yard when another man comes into frame to help blow leaves.
He begins first by spreading his feet shoulder width apart and then picks up speed to dance fast.
He continues dancing rhythmically in fast motion, as he alternates his feet to tap the ground.
a young girl is standing in front of a crowd.
A person holds a camera and films it.
Men are sitting at a black jack table.
A man in a yellow shirt is sitting at a desk.
A woman in a purple shirt is sitting on a bed.
A group of people are inside a dimly lit building.
They are wearing christmas outfits while riding spin bikes.
The people are taking a christmas spin class.
A large man is standing in a netted area and he quickly begins to spin and throws a discus very far, and a slow motion of his throw replays.
More clips of the man at various different locations play in both real time and in slow motion while spectators look on at each location.
A young man walks to the end of a diving board and jumps doing several turns and a flip before entering the water.
Then he comes to and back from the hut with a blow up whale floatie he tries to surf with.
Another surfer with dark hair comes to join in the water with a guitar case which he tries to use.
A long montage of different items follows including a door, snowboard, a suitcase, bicycle etc while all get tested on the water.
a man and a woman are wearing fencing uniforms and holding pes practicing in a court room.
Various clips of people are shown climbing across a rope and a man being interviewed on camera.
More shots of people walking are shown while the man speaks and is seen himself walking and performing tricks on the rope.
A man is standing between metal fences on both sides of him and he's swinging a ball on a rope very quickly, then spins his body as well and the ball and rope go flying.
There is another man standing and walking outside of the fence near the man throwing the ball on the rope.
A man moves a large blue mat.
A crowd gathers to watch an athlete perform.
He gets angry and stretches him out into balloon animals.
A girl dressed in a white blouse and black skirt is standing on stage in front of an orchestra with her violin.
A woman is seen holding a baby and begins taking a drink from a cup and spitting it into the sink.
She spits out one last time while both look down at the camera.
The boys continue to push and kick the man's hands while other boys practice in the background.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in various locations and leads into people playing paint ball around an arena.
A young lady is sitting in a chair running her fingers through her long black curly hair.
All of the girls are fluffed out by her hand and she takes a can of spray and runs it through her head once more.
A man walks into a tattoo parlor.
The tattoo artist glues the design onto the arm of a woman.
He checks out how the tattoo is going so far.
Bright lights adorn the front of the tattoo parlor.
The woman proudly showcases her new tattoo.
An athlete is seen stepping up to a circle with people watching on the sides and her spinning around.
A cartoon projector is seen and different company logos from sponsors are shown.
A large group sits on steps and watches a competition.
Athletes bounce and jump on tight ropes in a competition.
They stop and the kids get out.
He vacuums the seats of the car.
The tires are getting scrubbed.
The car is getting dried by a man.
The car gets driven out.
People are waiting inside of the waiting room.
A shot of his tools is shown and the video ends.
He runs and jumps up again into some grass and lays down laughing.
A woman dressed in black walks into frame and interacts with the woman with the mop.
An introduction shows up on the screen for an auto repair video.
Two men begin to talk about car wheel and different characteristics and aspects of wheel, as well as the things to consider when altering your wheel size.
The man finishes combing his hair and makes another face.
Two of the men start break dancing for the small group.
A woman is seen opening a bottle of alcohol and pouring it into a class while speaking to the camera.
The woman continues speaking to the camera while holding up the glass of alcohol and ending by speaking more.
More camels appear from behind and follow one another as a woman watches.
A man is standing a table while a woman is sitting in a chair.
Then we see a man talking while riding a recumbent bike.
Two men are shown in a room.
She mixes up the lemons into juice and pours it with sugar into a container.
He runs fast fast down the strip and quickly leaps into the sand.
Other images are shown and you can see what happens under the water and some girls getting out of the pool in their robes.
We see a makeup artist talk while sitting front of a mirror.
The lady takes out a set of false eyelashes and trims one to size.
The lady removes her glasses , puts on mascara and applies the false lash to one eye.
The lady is in front of the mirror talking again.
The girls begin wiping down cars and bumping into one another.
The girls continue washing down the car.
The man picks the head up while it's still talking and he throws it to the white man who looks at it and tosses it back to the black man and on the side the body of the head is disapproving of it all.
He has a woman sitting in his chair.
Two men are talking in a music studio while men are is playing the drums sitting in a music studio.
Then, a person writes and explains the music synthesizer while people are playing.
A man and woman are standing inside a gym.
The man spots her as the woman does forward hand springs on a beam.
A woman is talking inside a kitchen.
A man is surfing on the waves, holding on tight so he doesn't lose his balance.
We see the opening title screens.
A man lifts a large weight.
We see the ending credits.
Two men are crouched on the ground outside a bike path.
Many people are seen performing gymnastics on a mat while the camera follows close behind.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about break dancing.
People snap pictures of them as they are dancing on the floor.
He sits down in the chair and pets a dog.
A close up of food is shown followed by ingredients being cut up and laid out.
The person pouts the noddles out into a strainer, washes it off, and then pours out more ingredients to mix.
men are standing in a field showing how to hold the pole to make a hit.
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting down watching him.
the guy skis alone down the a sloop with many turns witch lead him to the main sloop where there other skiers and he comes to a stop at the end of the sloop.
man is holding the fish by the mouth.
a small piece of wood is on hole pulling the thread and a man keeps holding it with his hands.
After, the girl dry her hair using a blow dryer, then the girl uses a brush to dry her hair.
man is water skiing in a lake holding a rope and balancing side to side.
man fall out of the water ski.
He is just playing the rhythm looking very bored out of his mind.
He just skillfully beats on them and makes music.
A man in a black shirt is talking.
A woman is in a bathroom showing how to open a faucet and wash and rub meticulously hands and nails.
The people are then seen hanging up decorations on the tree while still moving around quickly and ends by showing the finished tree.
A person is standing behind a truck.
They swing an ax and chop a block of wood.
A woman in black shirt is standing by the bar counter and talking to the camera.
The woman touched the bottles, then she get a cocktail glass and shot glass.
The woman pour liquid in the shot glass then pour in the cocktail glass, then she added more liquid, the liquid turned into green.
We see people in a room talking.
We see a man balance a pole.
We watch the yellow team throw the curling stone.
The other team then has a turn on the stone.
We see the ending screen with video clips.
A person is seen running down a long track into a pit followed by several more runners as well.
A young man is standing in the kitchen in front of a sink washing dishes.
There are various people on the rink, most are upright doing their own thing on the ice but there is one person in a wheelchair.
A person is ripping up a roof with a tool.
The tool is being shown on a table.
man is in the backyard holding a funnel to blend a mixture.
We see five men drumming in a pavilion outdoors.
The five men finish drumming.
The right man turns to leave.
We see a black opening screen.
We see a child in the house with a soccer ball.
The mother and son cook pasta together.
The mother brings the boy a plate.
We see the refrigerator list.
The mother takes a bite of the food and salutes the son who takes a bow.
We see the flavors and the end screen.
A group of people are gathered around some camels.
A man in a white t-shirt stands in front of the group and photographs the camel walk.
A woman steps up to her stepper and starts doing arm movements and the other women start following her.
Two little girls are sitting at a kitchen bar with rollers in their hair eating.
The little girl then sits down and they both begin to look on the floor for a piece of food that fell off of the fork.
The two continue to sit,eat,play and talk to the camera.
After,the girl in the pink shirt stands up and picks up her drink.
A man is kneeling down on a blue mat.
They are holding onto a pole.
They are moving back and forth.
He does push ups on the wall.
A woman is seen jumping rope in the middle of a room performing several different jumps while looking off to the camera.
The woman continues jumping over and over while still looking off into the distance.
A person runs on top a roof of a long house.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and shows several shots of people working out on a machine.
The woman continues speaking as video of a woman is shown exercising on the equipment.
People perform several tricks on snowboards while the camera captures their movements.
A camera pans around various landscapes and leads into a person stopping a car and people riding down a road.
Several shots are shown of people riding down the hill with a car driving behind them and close ups of peoples faces.
A baby is shown lying on a polka dog sheet.
The baby shivers and shakes from the temperature of the rag.
Two men then begin fighting one another while people watch on the sides.
Various shots are shown of a motocross driver sitting in different landscapes as well as riding around.
More shots are shown of people riding the bikes on mountainsides and tracks while people watch on the side.
A small wooden table with some bottles on it are shown, along with the lower half of an individual standing by it and gesturing.
A different man talks to the camera with others working in the background.
A logo splash video is shown.
A man is seen sitting before a coach speaking to the camera.
He then begins playing on a set of bongo drums.
The man plays continuously around on the drum set.
People are dancing in a gym.
They pick up jump ropes and start to jump rope.
A person is seen holding a stick and wacking a pinata in the middle of a party.
A large group of people are seen standing around a room with others walking in with beams.
A woman speaks to the group and begins leading them in a workout.
After, the man puts a paper towel inside the pumpkin and sprinkle kerosene on it.
the man then kneels on the ground and talks to the camera.
The man hops to his feet and then kneels back down.
The man faces the camera and moves his arms as he speaks.
The man jumps to his feet and squats before returning to his kneeling position.
We see an empty auditorium and a title on the screen.
A ballerina is on the ground.
Men carry one ballerina in the air with other following her.
We see the closing and ending credit screens.
A teen skip on a court and then jumps high over a bar.
This time the teen jumps without touching the bar.
After, the teen performs long jump on a sand box.
The man is no longer in the wave and is just surfing towards the shore.
The view changes and now it's in front of the man and you get to see him from the front view surfing and the wave behind him and until he falls off the surfboard and into the water.
A GoPro is used to capture parts of the trip.
Some people are shown riding down the river rapids while a man watches them.
The second rider looks back as he passes the man.
She performs a routine on the beam continuously and finishes by jumping onto a mat and raising her arms.
A table with various bike parts is then shown as he continues with his instruction.
The men pause and begin again.
The screen goes black and we see kids hitting punching bags.
We see an image of the boy, the the closing screen.
People are standing on the sidelines watching.
A woman in a yellow shirt picks up the ball.
The girls do various gymnastics moves across the mats while an instructor assist them and another points to the side.
A person's hand are seen peeling a potato at a fast pace under a sink of running water.
a boy and a girl are sitting on a table talking to each other.
The title is seen on a black screen and we see the tools.
We are instructed and shown how to use the sharpening steel.
We are shown the knife cutting tomatoes.
The title re-appears on the black screen.
He fills out a form while his back is shaved, then a tattoo is applied of a scorpion.
The men then take turns bouncing up and down on a rope while looking back at one another.
The men perform several tricks on the rope while the camera captures their movements and they shake hands.
A title bar appears and fades.
People ride on horses through the woods.
We see the people ride in the woods an in a ring.
The lady talks and we see people riding horses and in the stables.
We see the lady speak and the screen goes white.
An athletic man is seen standing before a track and leads into him running down in a pit of sand.
A man playing is playing a guitar while sitting on a living room couch.
The man finishes playing the guitar.
A large tractor is seen riding along in the snow and pushing snow into a bank.
The camera continues to follow the tractor move along the lot and push snow.
Several pictures are shown of people's hand performing sign language as well as holding up various objects.
A doctor is then seen putting a machine on a person as well as using a needle for an IV and checking the monitor.
A young child is seen using a toy iron to play with clothes and holding them up.
Then, a fish come out the hole.
The mixture of passion fruit juice tea and lemonade are poured into the jar over ice and served with a lemon wedge.
Colorful circles appear and the title comes up.
The ladies cook a syrup and add lemons and the syrup to a blender.
They put it in a bowl, and something then pour it in a pitcher.
He bows and walks to the side meeting up with another man congratulating him.
A group of men are seen walking on the beach speaking to one another with one holding a ball.
A man lays on a tattoo table and receives a color tattoo from a tattoo artist.
The man who received the tattoo  stands and shows the fish tattoo he just received before the camera cuts to a marketing graphic.
The people continue dancing around and end by dipping their partner.
The opening screen is on gardening.
There are scenes of ways to build a garden.
Two groups of people are seen pulling on a rope and playing a game of tug of war with one another.
The men continue playing the game and end by walking away from one another.
They are all playing guitars and electric guitars, and a man behind them plays the drums.
During the game, they also pause several times to reset when they start a new game.
A man pulls the arrow back in the bow.
He releases  the arrow, shooting it toward his target.
The man is seen running many more times over the bar while others watch on the side.
A sports newscaster does a special news report on the successful lacrosse career of athlete, Jim Brown.
A reporter talks to the camera before cutting to images of Jim Brown, Jim Brown's stats and Jim Brown giving an interview.
She is then shown again speaking in front of a wall and giving instructions as to how to begin the process.
She applies some more paper and gets it lined up.
The video closes with her giving some final advice.
There are people at the top of a snowy hill on tube rings.
He inhales more of the hookah and a lot of the smoke comes out of his nose while he is still has it in his mouth.
They bump into each other, laughing throughout the game.
man is standing in a gum doing weightlifting while other people in theback are doing exercise.
More pictures are shown of plaster, tiling, and people working, ending with finished results of the tile shown in various pictures.
A large group of people are seen playing a soccer match on a sandy field with many watching on the side.
A woman and a child are making cookies together in the kitchen.
The woman starts rolling the dough as the as the child who is standing on a chair next to her watches on.
Afterwards the woman  takes the shaped dough and places it on a tray next to the stove.
Once the towel is hot,he takes it and begins to clean the surface of the table.
After he is finished,a side by side view is shown and the before and after product is shown.
A man is seen sitting on the floor speaking to the camera and pointing to his body then laying on the floor.
She then begins brushing her hair while looking into the camera.
The woman continues brushing her hair while looking off into the distance.
The man without the hat stops hitting the bongo and begins talking into the microphone.
The cowboy rushes from the gate and ropes the different steer then dismounts and ties their legs legs.
A man is sitting on a seat then the woman came up to him, he is looking out the window as he talks and as the train is moving.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera while one sits on a piece of exercise equipment and begins moving himself back and fourth.
The person continues using the machine as the woman shows off how it works and its' specs.
Ranch staff places saddles onto the horses.
Two men are playing a very quick game of ping pong where they are hitting the ping pong ball back and forth very quickly.
The man then takes a bow in the end and walks off stage.
They put mayonnaise on the sandwich and put another piece of bread on top.
Two people are dressed in fencing gear and are in a fencing match where they are going at each other very quickly with their pointy swords.
The man on the left lifts his face screen up and lets out a scream as he's walking.
The men start another round of fencing and suddenly the man on the left removes his helmet, throws his hands up in the air and begins cheering.
We see the lady playing in the rain.
We see the lady playing in front of fire.
A woman is seen walking along a side walk with a dog on two legs walking next to her.
She continues walking with the dog around and grabs the dog before he grabs another man.
A man and a woman presenters say something that make laugh to people next them.
Then, five couples dance tango on a dance floor while doing acrobacies.
A person plays accordion pushing the white buttons.
One girl moves the balls around while the other has a drink and one beats her with a stick.
A young lady shows soap in a box and in a bottle.
A man is standing under the waterfall.
People are sitting in a raft going down the river.
Men are hopping and walking around on artificial legs that are attached to their own legs.
An older man stops them to talk to them.
He releases the rope, again falling into the water.
A person picks a lemon off a tree.
They pour that into a pitcher.
A close up shot of an ice pitcher is shown as well as various ingredients laid out and a christmas plate.
A group of people are sweeping outdoors.
He starts striking his tools together over the kindling to start the fire.
The man starts adding smaller pieces of wood the fire.
man is standing in the sea surfing a wave.
a lot of people are on surfboards on the sea.
We see an opening title screen.
We see the older man talk again.
We see the divers dive in the water.
We see an interview with a family outside the arena.
We see the ending title screens.
He raises his hand in the air.
He throws the napkin into a fire pit and someone adds sticks to the fire.
A number of women exercise together using a stepping type of implement.
A man is throwing a ball into a cup.
She then begins hitting the stick ferociously against the air and ground trying to hit the pinata.
The tie begins to fall down and she sees the pinata laying on the ground and realizes that she was no where near it.
A couple are setting a Christmas tree in a living room.
The woman holds a golden star and put on the Christmas tree, after the couple continue putting more ornaments on the tree.
Various ingredients are laid out with a person presenting them to the camera.
a black suv is in street carrying a water bike on street.
people are in a lakeside watching the man driving the waterbike and man doing wakesurf behind him.
The logo "AccessTools" appears on screen with "Wheel Bullet 6-Pack" and "Wheel Bullet 24-Pack".
Various car brand logos appear on screen.
Website address and an "F2 Video Productions" logo appears.
A woman stands in a kitchen talking.
A large group of people are seen standing around an area with a man standing in front.
The man then begins running down the track with others watching.
Finally he jumps into a pit in the end and others measure his throw.
A man chugs an entire mug of beer.
The man sets down the mug.
She starts braiding her hair.
At the top of the ski hill  there are lots of people on skis.
The man from the lift takes a very difficult path down the hill.
He passes a group of people standing still.
He reaches the bottom of the hill where a large crowd of people is gathered.
A woman talks while showing a shirt.
Then, the woman irons the collar and the sleeves of a shirt on an iron board while talking.
A black screen appears with the white words that say "Piercing at Blue Banana", then shows the outdoor and the indoor of the shop while people are walking outside, and people inside are perusing.
A man grabs a pair of white gloves, puts them on, and then turns to talk to a brunette woman who is sitting down in a small room with him.
The man is shown again in the same small room but this time he is talking to a different woman who is blonde, and close up shot of the woman's face is shown, the man marks an area on her nose with a marker, then quickly pierces her nose, adjusts the piercing, and then holds a mirror up to her so she can look at herself.
Another woman enters the store, talks to the woman at the register, looks at some piercings, goes to the back of the room with the man, gets her ear pierced and he holds a mirror up for her so she can see what it looks like and she smiles.
The outro appears on a gray textured screen and the words "Blue Banana" and the website appear on it.
Men compete at arm wrestling with professional referees judging.
Two men compete and one quickly loses the match.
A man cleans glass competitively before a crowd.
He then talks to an interviewer while everyone claps.
First the man swings the ball and looks to see how far it goes.
Many athletes are shown doing the same, the winner raising his arms in celebration.
A man is standing in a room wearing a long silver flowing outfit and starts to move his feet and positioning them in certain stands.
The pine needles are lit with a lighter as the flames catch the pine needles on fire.
A view of the burnt ashes over the campfire.
The person rocks back and forth with the music.
She uses a stick to measure the iceing.
A woman in a blue shirt is clapping for them.
The man points out something at the base of the tree while the camera zooms in for a closeup.
Then, the person clips the claws of a white and black cat.
Then, the person pet the cat on his head, after continues cutting the claws.
He stops welding and starts welding the back of it.
the girl stretches her leg in the air.
The girl leaps across the stage.
The girl stretches her leg in the air.
The girl spins and spins her leg in the air.
The singer take the yellow guitar from the audience and started playing.
The singer pointed to the drummer, and the drummer stopped playing drum then continue.
News reporters are seen talking at the news desk with a correspondent at another location.
We return to the original reporters in the news room.
The gymnast does a routine with choreography on the balance beam.
The gymnast does a dismount where she flips from the balance bean onto the mat and ends her routine.
After the dive is complete,he walks out of the room with a towel and begins smiling and walking.
The person adds egg and uses chopsticks.
The credits of the video are shown.
Then, the children practice kicking movements.
Then the children stands and then practice in couples martial arts.
Two young boys play fight in a room with a black and white checkered floor.
One boy starts slapping the other boy's head and then picks him up upside down.
A large group of people are seen standing behind a large truck filled with dirt.
Several people pull dirt off the back while others walk around and pour it around trees.
A car is seen driving around, coffee brewing, and a man awakening to an alarm.
A man fix a rooftop vent pipe while explains to a person.
First, the man cut the uneven part on the top of the tub, and then test a rubber base.
After, the man takes off old hard glue on the rubber base, and then puts new sealant around the rubber base.
A boy's gymnastics team lines up.
Various shots of a beach are shown as well as people hanging out on the beach and holding surf boards.
He then body slam him, lifts him over his head, and slams him again.
He starts cutting a man's hair who is sitting in front of him.
The pinata breaks and candy falls to the ground.
Kids are picking up the candy that fell.
People pass him by on the sidewalk.
We see a person pushed in the water come up under the boat.
We see the ending title screen.
One player kicks the ball against the wall and a second kicks the rebound into the goal.
A player makes a shot from down the field over other players heads.
A man is shown indoors playing the violin as people look on.
He continues on as the camera pans around and shows the rest of the room he is in.
After he is done, he hands the violin to someone off camera and the video ends.
The credits of the clip and final product are shown.
A person paints their nails.
A liquid is poured in a small, brown container.
Alcohol is poured on the nails, and a finger rubs off paper residue.
Clear polish is painted on the fingernails.
The credits of the video and final product are shown.
A person paints her nails, then she paints pink flowers on the nails.
They continue playing their rhythm and are having a great time, before the video ends.
A man in a black shirt and grey cargo is standing next to a beer pong table talking to the camera.
After he is done talking,the man joins  in and the cups on the table begin to spin around as they try to score.
A woman in hooded black snow coat brushes snow from her car.
The woman walks through heavy snow and does a snow angel in it.
The man gets into his car and drives down the street.
A young girl in a ballerina costume dances on a stage.
The jousters explain how their equipment works.
He jumps back on the bars and performs more flips.
A man is mopping a floor very precisely and intently.
A man picks up a woman onto his shoulders.
People are taking pictures and videos of the buildings and people everywhere.
Another man in a black beanie and a red jersey is skateboarding too.
He is showing off his shirt logo representing a soccer team.
A young boy is a white shirt is skating in Stuttgart, Germany.
The man in the red shirt and black beanie hat is skateboarding in Barcelona, Spain.
Another man in a blue shirt is doing skateboard stunts in Paris, France.
All the skateboarders continue their stunts but the man in the white shirt takes a fall while going down the stairs on his skateboard.
People are playing pool in a bar.
A woman is setting up the pool balls.
He fingers the buttons on the side.
His playing becomes more intense.
A man then helps the camels stand up while the people are still riding in front.
The man then leads the camels one after the one with a small boy helping in front.
After,two girls spin her around and place a stick in her hand.
Other friends join her as she is guided to the box pinata and hits it trying to break it open.
A dog is standing on the ground next to them.
A man runs to kick a kickball.
A spinning ad appears, before changing to two men standing in a skateboarding building in Bali.
We see several shots of a man dressed as the incredible hulk between skaters.
Three women and one man ride horses on an unpaved road in the forest.
A man riding a horse follows the three women.
A series of men speak to a camera interspersed with clips of men bowling.
A clip of several men bowling both successfully and unsuccessfully play in between the men talking into the camera before a marketing text frame for the PBA appears.
A woman is seen sitting on a swing moving back and fourth while the camera watches her.
There is a boy with a stick walking around and periodically putting the stick he is holding between them.
The girl runs towards a low beam and jumps over it, landing on a blue pad.
A little girl brings a cup to the sink.
She turns off the water.
She dumps the water in the sink.
The camerman grabs a spoon form the sink and hands it to the girl.
She blinks a few times making sure the lens is properly in place.
She then adjusts the lens with her fingers and blinks a few times to assure placement.
A Rubiks cube sits on a laptop as a clock counts down.
The person puts it down and shows the screen.
Several images of gloves are shown.
Two boys perform martial art movements in the center of children sitting making a circle.
Then, a big boy enter and continue raising the feet and doing cartwheels with other children.
Several shots are shown of people riding down a mountain as well as speaking to the camera and hiding under igloos.
An athlete is seen holding his hands on a weight bar and lifting it up by his neck.
The lady continues her rendition and spins the stick using her neck.
The lady throws the stick into the air and catches it.
The lady ends the rendition on the floor.
She holds up a bottle of mouse and puts some in her hair.
She shows a bottle of hair spray and sprays it in her hair.
We see a house, a van and a title screen.
We see under water  and above intermittently.
A man in a chef uniform is standing up talking.
We then see the ending credits.
She pours the ingredients into a pan to put in the oven and continues laying out more ingredients.
She melts marshmallows on top of the cake and shows it off in the end.
men are sitting in a grass and are adjusting he socks, gloves, helmets and uniforms in general.
men are in the middle of a field and start the lacrosse game in a big grassy field.
A man is standing in the snow.
A baby is sitting in a tube going down the hill.
A marching band stands in formation outside of a historic building and with a set of drummers playing their instruments in stiff motions.
The band plays their drums sequentially down the line one at a time.
The camera pans and then follows a man wearing a leaf blower as he blows leaves.
The camera cuts back to the first man briefly before returning to the leaf blower man.
The camera does so again a second time.
A woman is standing in a room with contents on a table and a jar of vinegar in her hand.
The adult female is drawing squares on the ground while two kids are watching her.
The little boy is waving at the camera, then played hop scotch.
The man continues to play his violin.
The two men continue to play with one another as the girl continues to watch on the side.
A young woman is seen kneeling on the side of a building and leads into shots of her dancing with another man.
We see a large spray of water, followed by the man in the water as he smiles and waves.
a man is talking next to an exercise machine.
He discusses the mechanics of how the machine works.
A man is standing outside of his house wearing a beanie and a hoodie.
He is talking and pointing to his plant life that he has outside of his home that looks like it almost dying.
Then, the girl takes water with both hands and splash on her face and some water spills on the floor.
A woman is seen sitting on the beach with a small boy.
She pours sand for the boy and puts it into a bucket.
A woman is seen with her arm bent up and looking into a mirror.
She looks away from a moment and the camera zooms back in on her.
The video leads into several clips of skateboarders moving up and down a park and performing tricks around one another.
The video continues with the borders performing tricks as well as people speaking to the camera and the audience cheering.
a marching band is standing in front of a church.
a man is standing in a room mixing cement flatting a wall with a shovel.
a man is in a sunny day building a brick wall, spreading cement between the bricks.
Two military men are talking outside a pool.
The other man has to help pull him out.
The woman throws a javelin off into the distance and is shown again afterwards.
The person stops playing the guitar and lady stops singing.
Then, the man free the rope and takes from his behind a cup, after the rope seems floating in the air.
The man continues water skiing in the river.
A woman is resting next to crashing water.
She is smoking a pipe.
Some play bongos while another talks into a microphone.
A tabletop with food ingredients appear on a wooden slat surface and fancy white wording appears in a special effect way on the left of the screen and it reads "Home Cooking adventure" and the website is displayed at the bottom left.
A batch of brown cooked cookies on a pan appear and white wording appear on the middle of the screen and it reads "DOUBLE CHOCOLATE CHUNK COOKIES".
A woman is now slicing up chunks of chocolate with a large knife, then begins to mix various ingredients, as well as melting butter and chocolate on a double broiler, mixing wet ingredients with dry ingredients, then mixing the chocolate chunks into the mixture as instructions appear from time to time.
Instructions appear on how to bake it and the woman puts the pan in the oven, the pan is shown taken out and put on a cooling rack, then the cookies are shown being put on a white plate with a cup of milk.
The cookie is picked up and broken in half,the screen goes to an outro screen that has the words "Home Cooking adventure", includes 3 small videos in the middle of the screen and a youtube icon that has a flashing word "subscribe" next to it.
A megaphone with flags is shown shown followed by people playing volleyball and smiling to the camera.
A man is outside in a field and throws a shot put into the crowd.
The credits and the children giving two thumbs up are shown.
The guy sits and talks while holding a pumpkin with the two children sitting at each side on the grass.
A person removes the top of a pumpkin.
A child adds soil to the inside of the pumpkin.
A guy that is standing, talking, and gesturing in a lawn and is being circled by two children.
The camera continues to pan around as the people ride on horses all along the beach.
They are throwing a ball back and forth trying to score.
A person throws the ball out of the pool.
Several horse riders ride through a village.
Russian woman is running in a race track making big steps and make a high jump while people is watching her.
People are standing in the snow in front of snow mobiles.
A view of under the water is shown.
The man is kneeling down in the snow reeling a fishing pole.
A fish is seen under the water.
Another man in a blue coat is next to him.
They pull out a large fish and pose with it.
A camera pans over several ingredients laid out and leads into a person mixing them into a bowl.
The man puts the paper on a easel and draws on the paper while talking.
After, the man paints the draw while talking.
The man takes oil crayons and paint while talking.
Next, the man uses a tissue to clean the painting and a blade to make lines and rolls it.
The players are racing on the high ramps as the spectators are watching on the side of the race track.
A man walked towards the crane and hold on to it.
The girls and boys are riding their life buoy as they move through the water.
We see the teams score some shots.
258 We see two players being interviewed.
Two men are talking on the beach.
He flips all around a beached area in various shots as well as incorporating tricks with other people.
She pours drinks into a glass of ice.
He picks up another shovel and starts shoveling the snow.
A man block the ball and avoid to enter to his side.
The women are seen walking around and doing dishes while stopping to look and smile into the camera.
He continues speaking while cupping his hands and ends by looking down from the camera.
Suddenly, the young man drops the weight which hit his head, and he falls to the ground.
There is someone walking two small dogs on the pavement.
man and a woman are watching a route map sitting in a table.
a lot of people are preparing themselves to run a marathon in the street while people in the sidewalk are giving them water and cheering them up.
People are sitting around a table eating.
She scrapes the wax off onto the floor.
A brown dog is in the snow next to her.
A woman is alone at a bar by a pool table playing some pool.
She bends over very seductively and intentionally while she is going for her next shot.
Then she looks over at a few men who are sitting down drinking beer.
We see a man waterskinng backwards.
We see the man sit and do a spin in the water and ski on his butt.
A young Asian boy is sitting behind a trap-set smiling frantically in participation of his performance.
The first boy then comes back and continues playing the drums and the video continues to toggle back in forth between the two.
The man sections parts of the hair with his comb and hair clips.
Next is blow drying sections of the hair, one by one.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while more kids around her play with hula hoops.
A man is holding a racket and speaking.
The credits of the video are shown.
The young man talk to the camera and then rake the leaves.
The person is seen hitting the drums in front of her continuously while also looking to the camera.
A boy does the same after her.
They begin playing a song for the camera.
A male athlete run and do a high jump over the pole.
A small child is seen standing before a pool and leads into her jumping in.
She continues to jump in the pool and swim to adults as well as swim around the pool.
The men are fighting in martial arts style.
A large group of cheerleaders are seen walking out on a stage while people watch on the sidelines.
The group begins performing a cheer routine while jumping and flipping all along the stage.
A woman is sitting down in a chair.
Two people start shaving her legs.
The automotive worker uses the hand jack to positions the tire onto the wheel hub of a car.
First he starts at the start line where racers are who participate in skiing competitions.
A group of people are swimming in a pool.
They gather together as people outside the pool talk.
The group volleys  a ball back and forth over a net.
The boy and man continue to tumble and somersault ending in an eventual hand shake at which point the boy leaves and the man walks over to the drummer.
The woman hands the boy a brown small pipe, the child puts it in it's mouth and begins blowing into it while the woman is talking, smiling, pointing to the child and bobbing her head.
The child stops blowing on the object and the woman claps, laughs, talks to the child and motions him to take a bow and he does.
Men are playing polo in a field.
The man in white hits the ball again.
Both men turn their horses around.
He then mixes up the drink while still speaking to the camera and then presenting it in a glass.
A young woman is playing with her hair in front of the camera.
A woman is running down a field.
She lands in a pit of sand.
Several shots are shown of women playing volleyball back and fourth with one another while many watch on the sides.
A person is seen rubbing a piece of soap along a board and moving his hands across to feel the texture.
She sits down and begins to part her hair and start braiding it, she slowly grabs more and more into her braid.
The man matches all the colors and slams the cube on the table while hitting the timer at the same time.
A snowboard instructor on a snow slope area demonstrates through live example and via talking to the camera how to snowboard on a ski slope.
A man in goggles, coat and holding a snowboard talks into the camera while standing on a snow covered slope.
The people snowboarding are then seen on a ski lift, beginning the snowboarding exercise by getting off the ski lift and snowboarding using he ski lift as a catapult.
The snowboard instructor then returns to talk to the camera , alone, again.
A man is sitting down doing a rubiks cube.
A man wearing a red knit cap is on the roof  removing ice off of the roof with a red snow shovel.
A pile of snow on the rest of the roof breaks loose and knocks the man off of the roof.
The man combs and cuts the woman's hair as she sits.
The man dries and styles the woman's short hair.
A small television screen is on the wall and the person zooms in on the video.
She puts a tray down in front of the child and the boy decorates the cookies with sprinkles while she continues to cut cookies and place them on the tray to decorate.
The man loses his rhythm and has to start over two times.
The man then takes a razor and cuts along the man's hair while he watches in the mirror and another records him on the side.
They keep going around the track.
A man is walking through deep snow toward a house.
He is shoveling the snow, then is shown on skis in the yard.
She attempts to hit a yellow ball through a hole.
Water flows on a river that pass through a forest.
A boy stands and jumps high on a boat.
A young man stand on the border of a boat and jumps to the water.
A man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him cutting a piece of wood on a table.
Four people are shown playing a tennis match passing the object back and fourth with tennis rackets.
They play more of the match with one diving in and shake hands when the match is over.
The men look back behind the glass wall and continue playing tennis while laughing and smiling.
We see the lady using an power sprayer to paint the fence white.
We see the lady talking.
man with a usa identification on his chest is running in a racetrack and make a long jump.
They then walk around aimlessly.
Ladies groom, wash, and towel dry dogs.
They fall down a waterfall a few times.
After he grabs a silver blow dryer and continues to shake his hair until its done.
She holds her balance while the camera follows her around.
She moves her feet slightly and sticking her leg out in front.
A woman performs a dance requiring her to spin and twist on her feet which causes her to fall to the floor while her friend watches on and laughs.
Then, the boy shows his hand bleeding, after the man wraps the bleeding hand.
The shirtless man are standing in the field with their drums.
The video shows two men in swimming trunks, overlooking a large pool.
The video then pans out showing both men facing backwards.
They then both do a back flip into the pool.
The video replays the men's performance.
Audience members are shown cheering.
A man is sitting behind a table.
An unseen  person snow slides on a snow covered slope and then tethers another person to themselves by rope and the two slide together on the snowy slopes.
A persons feet and the bottom of their legs are tracked going down a steep snow covered slope.
A little girl in a pink jacket is seen in a inflatable snow sliding device and begins to go down the hill as well tethered to the person who was alone at first and who is sliding in another device.
They swing over the sand.
Then, the woman throws the frisbee and the dog runs to catch it.
Next, the dog pass a tunnel, then sticks.
Video of two other canoes nearer to the falls.
We see a flash of an image of a standing man.
We see the man spin and throw the discus.
A black screen is pictured and white words begin to bounce down on the screen.
After,a group of young men are pictured playing indoor soccer.
The Black team's forwards takes the ball and begins dribbling it to make a goal and he succeeds and it is replayed in slow motion.
A coach is standing talking to a small group of girls who are playing basket ball.
The camera shows all the keys inside the piano as he plays.
The cliff climber demonstrates some climbing moves on a climbing wall.
The climber in the blue t-shirt gives more instruction and demonstrates more climbing techniques on the climbing wall.
The people are shown gathered, mixing, pulverizing, and cooking the ingredients.
Several clips are then shown of people playing pool all around the table.
People perform tricks while laying on the table, doing tricks, as well as kissing on one another.
A close up of a set of chains is shown as well as a small group of people getting ready and walking down the side of a cliff.
People are shown cheering with one another as well as playing more ping pong.
They continue dancing throughout, wearing heels as they go side to side.
They shake their pom poms before getting up and dancing as they do a cheer.
He is then seen jumping up and down in a large pit while also performing flips and tricks.
A wave moves a barrel in an inner tube up out of the water near three people.
men are in a restaurant serving breakfast and orange juice from a machine.
men are in a snowy park pass the barrier and sits on cableway to slide down the slope snowboarding.
They stab and jab at each other as they fence.
They walk away from each other as they finish the fight.
A man raise his left hand and touches his head.
Also, a woman rises the left hand and touches her head.
A veterinarian speaks to the camera while a cat sits on her desk.
The cat leaves the desk and the vet continues speaking.
The vet sits on a chair with the cat in her lap.
She continues cutting the claws of the cat.
Then the two men install the gray carpet, they cut and measure and flatten the carpet as they install it, then vacuum the carpet when they were done.
A man talks while sitting in a kayak boat.
The man uses the paddle to ride the body of water.
Several people are seen sitting under water wearing scuba gear and move around together slowly along the ocean.
A bull is chasing them around.
A man takes a tire off of a semi truck.
A lady is swimming in a large pool.
The lady is sculling and tipping in the water.
We see her do 2 trokes and scull.
We see a bathroom sink and counter.
A person grabs contacts lens.
We then see a lady insert contact lenses.
The fist person adjusts their contact.
There are many viewers in attendance to watch the games, one of them is recording it.
The teams are wearing green and white stripes and the other blue and white.
This man is shown hitting the ball while it is on the ground and he is making it go far in the air.
A kid in blue shorts is vacuuming the floor.
There is a white dog next to the boy.
A man is under water wearing goggles.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and leads into shots of him hitting the ball with another on a field.
He removes the blind fold.
A pot of water boils on a stove.
The man stirs the spaghetti in the pot.
A person put butter in a pot, then add sugar and milk and warm it in a water bath.
Next, the person pour the mixture in a cake tray and close with aluminum paper, and then cook it in a covered water bath.
A large group of people are seen standing next to one another with one walking into frame.
A person is seen spinning around on a set of uneven bars and moving back and fourth.
We see a game of dodge ball being played.
A referee walks on the floor and tells a player something.
A referee walks to a person on the right and tells them they are out.
a person in white on the right cheers and the blue team huddle up.
He started to turn away from the piano.
The scene is the Earth and space.
There is an advertisement for Go Green car cleaning.
Four glasses of Honey Ginger lemonade are sitting on a cooking board.
Next,the cooking board is shown and it has two lemons,ginger,and a bottle of honey.
A blue and red hombre screed with the red on the bottom appears with text that read "ROPE SKIPPING Summer 2013".
Then, the teams continue playing and scoring close to the goal area.
A player wearing a black t-shirt kick the ball to move in an elliptical trajectory and scores.
After, the teams continue playing and scoring and the players wearing red t-shirt win and receives a trophy.
Then, the girl stands on the rope and jump on her legs, and touches the rope with the body and buttocks.
At the end, the girl jumps high, make a flip and jump on the floor.
A male is attached to a harness and has one of his hands on an indoor rock climbing wall.
As he progresses,there are hooks everywhere on the wall and when he gets near them,he puts his rope inside of it for support and safety.
The man continues on with this routine until he finally reaches the top and a warning is flashed across the bottom.
He is playing a saxophone.
People are walking in front of him into a building.
The man continues on playing while looking away from the camera and pointing.
The people continue to ride the boards down a hill while the camera pans around himself as well as the area around them.
He then shows off his shoes moving around in circles.
A young man stands at the far end of a tennis court hitting balls across the net.
A tennis ball hits the court and splits in half on impact.
The boys is seen again throwing darts and pans back to the people hosting the news.
She then pours dressing into the bowl and presents a salad she had made.
The person looks around a bit and still continues to blow leaves around the area.
green grassy field is shown with men fighting in front of the trees.
She is using yarn, and knitting with needles.
She is randomly shown speaking to the camera, alternating between the living room and a bench in her yard.
After the young girl shoot a dart to the dart board, then the boy points the dart.
"UT 11 SFU 4" and "Game at Montana" appear on screen.
"SFU 16 UM 7" appears on screen followed by "Post season begins" and the "Lacrosse Allstars" logo.
All of a sudden,a young boy appears and starts skateboarding across the sidewalk that has a basketball goal on it.
He finally comes back and starts to skateboard across a silver pole on on a bench.
She steps on a board and dives into the pool.
Shortly after, a man walks in the room holding a piece of tile as he walks across the room.
An intro blue screen includes red words and numbers that read "David Boudia's Preliminary Dives at the Fina World Cup 2012".
A different man is now standing at the diving point where he is standing with his back to the water and arms pointing straight up until he jumps back slightly and does multiple flips until he dives into the water.
The man with the blue swim trunks is getting ready to dive again and he has his back turned to the water and his arms straight down his sides until he lifts them up to point straight out to his sides before he jumps, does multiple flips and dives into the pool.
The outro is the same blue screen as the intro and the red letters now say "David Boudia finished 12th on 445dot25 Made by CharlieMinns98".
People are then seen playing a game in the water and throwing a ball around.
A woman shows off a display of hot rollers in a case.
A close up of sneakers and polish is shown followed by a person's hands putting objects into shoes.
They fill up a tin of water, pour polish inside, and then scrub the outside of the shoes.
He pulls out of a bag to put the shoes in and throws the bag into a washing machine.
A bearded man is seen speaking to the camera and making several faces.
The man looks all around the camera and continues shaving leaving only a little hair behind.
People continue doing tricks on skateboards.
They are giving each other hugs and high fives.
While the woman is playing,the blind artist Stevie Wonder appears playing the harmonica into his microphone.
Dogs are seen playing as well as board riding by themselves and leads into more clip of the men riding around.
They are playing a game of soccer in the sand.
People are watching them in the stands.
Two teams of girls are on a field playing field hockey.
Two people are standing in a room on a green court fencing with one another.
The man holds up a mat in his arms and another man kicks the mat.
The other continues kicking and ends by fading to black.
White flowers are being blown by a light wind.
He shows off several different kinds of flowers as he talks.
The woman is now standing with a baked cake in front of her, the bowl of cooled jello, and with the help of special effects she's immediately putting the two jello bowl molds onto the top of an already shaped cake.
A boy is going across the monkey bars.
He looks at the camera and smiles.
A beach view is shown, covered in people looking for crabs.
Surfers go into the water and swim away.
The boy continues jumping all along the sides with a woman standing next to him.
A man is standing inside a bathroom.
man is standing in a kitchen in front of a black counter.
the man holds the knife and is sharpnening it with the rock.
A baby swims in a swimming pool to reach the other side of the pool.
Reporters in a TV set comment among them .
a man and a kid are ridin a camel on a dusty path.
A person is seen kneeling before an object and using a torch and adjusting the settings on the machine.
A photograph of food is shown followed by a person putting bacon into a pan.
The man stands over the boys arm with a metal tattoo tool and works on the boys arm, who is sitting in a black chair watching the tattoo being placed on the arm.
The person pushes ice all along the car with the scraper.
A woman shows how to do a haircut.
A shot of a white door is shown and a hand opens it.
They then move into the shower and a dog is shown to be in it.
He stares at the camera for a bit while he licks his lips.
Another dog then enters the frame and seems to be wondering what is going on.
These for men are all standing in the room trowing darts at the dart board.
One of them throws a dart at the camera because he missed one time.
a car is parked in front of the street and a man is cleaning the ice.
A girl turns around slowly to show her hairdo.
The girl brushes sections of her hair and then twists them together.
The girl adds hair product to her hair and combs it through with her hands.
The girl uses a toothbrush to blend the hair in the front then turns around again when she is done styling her hair.
Toothpaste is applied to the toothbrush and handed to the boy.
The boy has his teeth brushed by someone.
Then, the man raises the weight to rest on the shoulders, and then above the head.
A little girl is holding a flute, she is talking in front of the camera then showed her flute, she then turned the camera towards her note sheets.
The little girl started talking, while behind her the little boy is sitting on a desk chair.
The little girl talked while holding her flute.
people are walking in the roofed gym behind the men in the middle.
They paddle hard, trying to stay afloat.
They go over small waterfalls and through the rapids.
A man is helped off the floor by another wrestler.
He lifts him up as two other wrestlers clean off a table.
He throws the man down on top of the table as hard as he can.
He holds up a mallet above the man on the ground.
The gymnast hops up onto a platform using his hands.
The gymnast spins around the platform using hes hands to hold his weight.
The gymnast shakes hands with coaches and other athletes.
Several images appear, showing various instructionals for skateboarding.
A boy is balanced on a board, then shows several moves and stunts as he moves around a skate park.
He jumps, flips, ramps, and performs several moves.
A young girl is standing in a kitchen in front of the sink,peeling a potato with the peeler.
A woman behind an counter is talking about the fabric on the counter on front of her.
She then rinses the soaked fabric in the faucet and put it in the kitchen counter for a while.
She picked up the towel, put away the bowl and the remaining fabric, spread a dry towel on the counter and spread the wet fabric on top of it and put another layer of dry towel and roll.
A couple is scuba diving under water in a pool.
They are showing how to scuba dive together.
A laptop is shown followed by a person climbing out of bed and washing their face.
Several shots of women are seen hitting a punching bag in a large room and fist bumping one another.
They take steps up and down, alternating steps.
Two dogs are seen sitting on the side and lead into performing tricks with their owners.
Many people are shown throwing frisbees off in the distance with dogs following behind.
The man then begins playing the instrument while looking off into the distance.
The man continues playing and ends by turning off the camera.
woman is jumping in a large rope from a high bridge.
guys are standing on top of the bridge and wearing harness.
A man shows off a potato peeler, before recording himself peeling the potatoes with it.
He then shows the pot filled with peeled potatoes, and the pile of peelings next to it.
They tip the table over and the man falls on his back.
A man stands on a blacktop street.
A camera is shown panning around various sceneries as well as people sitting in a car and walking down a cliff.
People are then seen sitting in a raft and paddling themselves along the river.
people are standing in a platform and one of the woman jump from a big bridge to a river hold by a rope and the rope breaks.
The man continues to do tricks in various areas while the people around him watch and applaud.
A large empty field is shown, then the players appears.
They play a game of lacrosse, competing with each other.
A person behind her holds his arms up at his sides.
The man slams his friend onto the grass.
Four people are walking outside in the wilderness then all of a sudden,they are shown in their swimming attire with four tubes in murky water covered in trees.
As they find shallow water,a man picks up a ball and they start playing football.
All of them are now out of the water and they walk into a restaurant.
Two ladies of each team get the three balls and throw it towards their teammates.
They started to play and starting throwing the ball to one another.
Children sit on the beach, making a castle in the sand.
An overhead shot in color is shown of his playing before he stops to give more instruction to the viewer.
Men and women are riding on horses through the desert in a straight line following behind the other.
They are going slow and steady, not in any rush.
People are jumping off of a diving board into the water.
A young child walks across the black top and is held by her brother.
A group of kids play a game of hop scotch on chalk drawn boxes.
The person continuously puts more veggies on the bread.
Various hockey players are seen moving around an arena and skating on the ice.
The man skate around one another while an arrow points to their movements.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding up various objects an then begins tying a box with a bow.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding various tools in his hands.
Then, the person points the cassette and take out a nail of the chain holder while talking.
We see a room of kids in their karate uniforms.
A girl goes to a group of men, shakes their hands, and gets a new belt.
The girl attempts to break a wooden blocks with her hands and jumps when she does.
The girl appears to slip as she jumps into the water and the camera shakes.
The girl goes up the stairs.
Outside by a river a group of people wearing life jackets and holding paddles stand.
once they are done they come back to shore and go to have some drinks.
A woman walks onto a patio talking to the man behind her.
The students sit a the teacher demonstrates.
We see people working in pairs indoors on wrist movement.
We then see the ending title screen.
The other man comes back from his break and they begin playing again.
The lady begins to play the drum faster.
They put glasses on their face.
The water keeps getting choppier.
A man in a black shirt is standing outside.
The camera pans around a woman speaking on the phone and then standing up to speak to the camera.
Various shots are then shown of the woman using a mop around a floor and dragging around a bucket that comes with the mop.
man wearing green shirt make the throw competing with the other man.
A large group of kids are shown running along a field and passing a ball back and fourth to each other.
A man is seen sitting on the ice speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of him grabbing fish from a pole.
man is talking to the camera and drinking water in a basket field on a sunny day.
A man is brushing his teeth in front of the camera.
He then rinses the pink toothbrush under sink water.
The team starts cheering for the Tigers and then they group off.
The woman then begins piercing the girl's lip and putting a jewel in.
little baby is swimming in the pool.
Two people play a game of indoor racquetball.
A player dodges backwards from the ball.
We see a man holding knife an pointing at parts.
The man pushes the knife on a block and starts sharpening it.
The man begins to sharpen the knife again.
We see the person put ingredients into a mixer.
The mix is scooped into a bundt cake pan.
We see the ending screen with two other videos.
The chef then adds spaghetti in a pot and stirs the sauce until he test the noodles.
The man runs and now he's jumping 6'4 feet high but unfortunately he knocks the pole off and as soon as he realizes it he gets up and is very disappointed in himself.
A man in a suit is talking.
A lady squats outside washing clothes in a bucket.
Lady wipes her forehead on her shoulder.
The girl begins jumping down the beach as well as back.
A person is seen pushing a lawn pushing a lawn mower up a large hill as well as back down again.
A man on a soccer field made at a sandy beach puts a soccer ball down on the sand, walks back out of frame, and quickly appears running and then kicks the ball towards the goal with a goalie but he misses the goalie and it bounces off of the wall behind the goal.
A close up of drinks are shown that leads into a woman speaking to the camera.
A man in a yellow and green kayak kayaks the rough waters of a river.
He's able to paddle away, running into a rough area of water, causing a big splash of water onto himself.
A guy stands and touches his hair.
A guy at the edge of the diving board extends his hand and dives into the water.
The audience cheer or celebrate.
A hand holding the cone approaches the girl with the cone and gives it to her.
A man is seen laughing to the camera and looking off into the distance.
He then roller blades down in between cones while moving in and out.
He skates to the end and performs a hand stand.
A woman is seen holding up a watermelon and speaking to the camera.
Two soccer teams play against each other in a field of sand in front of rows of empty bleachers in a soccer stadium.
The blue team scores another goal and two players hug briefly in reaction followed by another slow replay of the goal and followed by more playing in the sand between the two teams.
An image of a solitary kitchen with a bottle of CLR cleaner on the countertop is shown.
A woman walks into the kitchen, grabs the CLR and a sponge and cleans the kitchen sink with it while running water.
A group of athletes play beach soccer in several different games and locations surrounded by audiences in bleachers and dancing cheerleaders.
A group of soccer players play beach soccer while an audience claps for them and cheerleaders perform routines in between video clips.
Two players in white shirts run towards the audience who are cheering, the player went by the metal fence and cheered with the audiences.
Aerial view of the players are shown, they are playing football in a sandy ground, they are chasing and kicking the ball.
A man in a beekeepers outfit walks around a field of colorful boxes.
He picks up a lawn cutter and places the strap attached to his lawn cutter around his body.
He mows the grass that is around the boxes.
He finally do a high twirl and lands great on a mat on the floor,he walks off the mat down the stirs and sits on a bench wit ha score of 9787.
a man is seated in a building in front of a curtain.
He is talking from behind a set of bongo drums.
He then shows how to play the drums, hitting them to a beat with his hands.
A little girl talks and stands in the playground.
A guy is holding a leaf blower.
The guy stops in the driveway.
She walks down the hall into a limo.
The two continue dancing around the stage and end by holding a pose and the man kissing the woman on the cheek.
A person throw a heavy ball, then two men brush with sticks on front the ball, then the ball hits another ball.
After other men throws the heavy ball.
The guy is sharpening a knife.
The guy places the knife and the elongated sharpener on the counter top.
A person brings out a wooden chopping board.
The person rides up over a hill while the camera captures his movements.
A young male dressed in a white shirt and black tie is having a conversation with a girl sitting down at the table.
As they continue,a girl walks in and stands in the corner shocked that the two are dancing.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about curling.
Several shots are shown of a women's curling team during practice and in their leisure time while a man narrates the scenes.
Two men are standing on the stage competing against one another.
Next,they move to do the same thing again with different trees.
Finally,the man in the red shirt finishes and wins and begins to cheer as his replay begins.
A man hits a birdie with a racket and a girl picks it up.
The girl walks to the other side then hits the birdie to the man.
He cuts open a pink grapefruit and salts it before using it to clean the inside of his sink.
The woman with apron is standing next to the counter.
People are kayaking in a river.
A camera pans around a bowling alley and leads into a boy throwing a ball down.
The boy throws another ball when another boy steps in to throw ball.
People are riding horses on a track.
A small group of people are seen riding around a bumper car arena and crashing into one another while the camera effects move forward and backwards a frame.
A "Total Immersion Swimming" logo and "Total Immersion Freestyle Demo by Shinji Takeuchi" appear on screen.
The video changes to an underwater view of the Takeuchi swimming.
The video returns to abolve the pool shots of Takeuchi swimming.
The "Total Immersion Swimming" logo is shown on screen again.
Pieces of wallpaper appear on the walls before the furniture reapers in the room.
Now,the girl gets out the tube and jumps in the water to take a swim.
A young girl is seen peeling potatoes while looking up to the camera and other children moving around her.
Multiple teenage boys are shown in a gym throwing dodge balls at each other.
As they play,an oval begins to shadow a boy who jumps in and out of the game as he pleases.
people are Dying the dogs hair different colors by using some kind of liquid material.
The person continues pushing along and ends by yelling to the camera.
The man cleans the window again, raking the cleaner across the window over and over before wiping it dry with a rag.
People are riding horses on a field.
A man in a suit is standing up talking into a microphone.
She is holding an electric toothbrush in her hand.
She pushes the button and puts toothpaste on the toothbrush.
She wets the toothbrush in the sink and begins to brush her teeth.
He is washing clothes in a bucket in the sink.
He takes a towel out and wrings it out.
A man leans over a pool table, cue in hand.
A young boy watches and waits his turn.
He is struggling to stay upright while he sails.
A group of people are seen putting lunch boxes on a table followed by a girl riding down the slide looking over and people jump roping.
She falls off the monkey bars.
woman is standing on the field wearing a black dress.
There is a hole in the ice in front of them.
There's a man in a white shirt and hat riding a horse in a large stable, chasing a calf to catch it by a rope.
A close up of a beauty product is shown that leads into a person grabbing the bottle.
A man is seen climbing on a dirt bike and shown speaking to the camera with others.
A person is seen sitting at the top of the water and moving themselves slowly to the bottom.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a bike wheel as well as a frame.
The man puts the tire on the frame and tightens the screw and shows off his work while holding his hands out to the camera.
A child is sitting in front of them.
The man then begins spinning around in circles with the object.
He finally throws the object off into the distance.
A man wearing a black shirt and a red tie is now standing behind a bar with a lot of alcohol supplies in front of him and he begins pouring many different ingredients into a large, silver cup.
More ingredients are picked up and poured back into the silver cup, ice is added, and he puts the clear cup back into the silver cup and once again he begins to shake it vigorously until it's completely mixed,taps the sides when it's done, puts the strainer on the top of the silver cup and begins to pour the mixed contents into the cup that already had the alcohol in it.
A group of boys are outside a fence.
The man puts down the tray of eggs while continuing to talk to the camera.
The man begins to heat up a pan while continuing to talk.
The man walks to one side of the table and gets a plate of vegetables.
The man demonstrates using a spatula with the pan.
The man pours some egg mixture into the pan.
The man folds the egg and plates it.
The man garnishes the egg dish.
He lights a match using the objects and blows onto the stick and puts into the pile.
A woman holds a rope in a hand.
Several more clips are shown of the person walking from various angles.
The man finishes to the other side and smiles to the camera.
A lady licks an ice cream cone and holds a baby.
the lady puts the pacifier back in the babies mouth and eats her ice cream.
He then places it on a stack of sticks.
The man guts a fish with a knife.
On the right there is a lady speaking in sign language with her hands and the weather cycles above her.
We switch and see men playing a game of soccer.
We see the men of the winning team hug each other.
A male wearing a yellow shirt appears with the white words and numbers indicating his name as Angellot Caro,his #10 and his team name is Colombia Futsal and the team names and the score appears on the upper left corner.
The focus is now back on #10 and all of the moves he makes during different soccer games.
A man in a white shirt is getting his shoe cleaned.
A person in a striped shirt walks up next to them.
The man stands up and gets handed two boxes.
A man then appears on the side with a paddle dancing on top of the rocks as he watches the others continue to kayak and fall into the water each change they hit a rock or encounter a wave.
Three people are seen riding in the back of a boat and leads into a person riding skis on the back.
The man falls in the water while the camera stops and picks up again and the skier follows from behind.
A man in a woman are in a room with three white walls and a glass wall behind them playing racket wall ball.
The man in white uniform fixed the chubby man's belt.
Two men entered the ring and squat and clapped their hands, stood and bow to each other.
The men are squatting, and started to push each other, the skinny man was able to push the chubby man outside the ring.
A number of individuals are shown dancing ballet style in various environments.
Suddenly, the cars stopped, and a woman comes to fix the problem, then the kids continue driving and bumping cars.
Then the cars top and kids get out the cars.
A tan horse is in the stable tied to a pole as three people are standing in their with him.
On the left side,a young teen age boy with glasses is looking around and brushing him as well.
A man on a horse chases after a cow with a ripe.
A crowd around him watches.
He jumps off the horse and ties up the cow.
Two men on horse go out to the field.
woman took a marker and write a letter in a pink foam craft and trimming it in a candy.
cake is in a counter with some recipes in the back and in a table full of candies.
The girl jumps and flips around the beam follows by jumping off the side with her arms up and her highlights being shown again.
Once the game is over,a group of three boys take the stage and begin talking in a microphone to the crowd.
A large group of people are seen standing around when one walks into the center of the gym floors and begins a routine.
He then wipes on poly, and dries the spot.
He speaks his final words to the camera before the screen fades to black.
He picks up the cat when he is done and sets it on the floor.
The cat walks away in an angry manner.
A gymnast stands on her hands exercising and spinning two hula rings with her feet, then, she stands and spins the hula rings around her hands, body and legs.
Next, the gymnast uses three rings to spin and make tricks.
men are playing table soccer in a room.
A TV reporter talks while a worker clean the windows of a building.
Several ESPN sports clips are shown of athletes doing long jumps and pole vaults.
More shots of people in a studio are shown laughing and leads into people falling into the water.
They run in place and swing their arms.
A young girl in pigtails is seen standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and dancing around.
A double image of the woman appears on screen.
The woman continues to dance with other dresses.
A man is playing the drums behind them.
A man comes and puts money in their white bucket.
People are seen riding around on horses as well as landscapes and people speaking to the camera.
The men continue hitting the ball back and fourth to one another while racing around the room to hit the ball.
A man and woman walk out of the room and the camera pans around all the other cheerleaders in the room.
The group of rafters paddle down a river with rapids.
Rafters are pulled back into the raft from the water.
A man dances break dance turning, flipping in the air and standing on the hands.
A break dancer spins on the head around.
Two men hit a tennis ball against a white wall in a small gym room while onlookers watch.
The man undoes the bike as well as adjusting the basket and moving objects to fix.
Then, the woman turns the pants and continues ironing.
Several tables of children play judged games of ping pong at an indoor ping pong tournament.
He hides behind it and demonstrates how he would move it he was in a real game.
He talks and talk and shoes hoe he would move his feet during a paintball game.
A man is bouncing a tennis ball on a court.
He serves the ball over the net.
A man in black and white runs and performs a long jump and clears the height.
A man us cutting up potatoes in the kitchen with a knife.
He seems to be very focused as he continues to cut the potato skins off.
A shirtless boy mows the lawn in area sparse with grass and kicks up a lot of dirt in the process, before stopping and running away from the lawn mower.
A large crowd of people are seen sitting in an audience followed by a man hitting a large set of drums.
A screen appears with a layout of a home and a lot of black, white and red words that say "Tool Box Buzz News, Reviews and Information PRODUCT REVIEWS BY INDUSTRY EXPERT TODD FRATZEL".
A hand is now holding the tool, showing it at different angles and then begins using it to cut an object to demonstrate how it cuts.
The last screen that appears is the exact same screen as the one that appeared in the beginning, but this time it also includes the website.
An asphalt-tiled roof is shown with leaves and green all over it, and then we see it clean.
Mold is growing on the siding of  a homes, which we then we see after being pressure-washed.
Bare wooden surfaces of shelving is shown, and then we see the improvement as is is covered with a coat of white paint.
A person shows you how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
the person first puts slices of bread on a plate and spread peanut butter on one slice of bread.
the third thing the person does it put jelly on a second slice of bread.
The man runs up over a pole and the audience cheers for him.
His jump is shown again in slow motion as well as him taking his shirt off.
From the ironing board, he grabs the iron and irons the shirt.
He brings up another part of the shirt and irons that area.
He moves the shirt a bit and irons another area of the shirt.
The man is rubbing an antique.
We see the man holding wax.
The man rubs his hand over a door and we see a chest of drawers.
We see various wood objects cut with scenes of the man talking.
The man is shown cutting the hedge all around the area as well as standing on a ladder to cut the top.
A man appears and measures, with a white tape, the distance the boy just jumped as the camera pans to the boy interviewing, facing the camera, and to several shots of a group of athletes playing football on a field.
A man is seated behind a bar.
It's an extremely sunny day out and a picture of a red flower and dandelion becomes present.
After,several scenes of a farm are then recorded ranging from horses,cabins,and windmills.
After the game,the people come back to the table to eat the BBQ that was just cooked and the players continue riding around the farm.
They are twirling as they dance with each other.
More people join, and soon the dance floor is full.
A crowd of people are watching a game and cheering.
Someone makes a point and the players clap.
A girl performs gymnastics on uneven bars at a professional sports event.
A young girl in a white sports uniform is  holding her entire body above her while standing upside down on the uneven bars using her hands as a balance tool.
The girl swings herself beneath around the bar.
The girl turns around and does the same move in the opposite direction on the bars.
A boat is sailing down a river.
Two men are playing a game of table tennis.
The man on the left fails to hit the ball.
Two white oxes pull a cart along a dirt trail.
A young boy and a man are in a store hopping on a colorful hopscotch on the ground.
Polished hands are place in a sink, and water is turned on.
A person takes soap bubbles from the bottom of sink and covers hand.
The man mounts the horse apparatus.
The man does a routine on the horse.
People in the arena applaud the man.
The man waves and walks off as he acknowledges the crowd.
Competitors stand on the podiums waiting to receive honors.
A boy is standing in front of a picture.
Several clips are shown of people lounging on the beach as well as sitting by the water and walking around.
More clips are shown of women playing the game and a man putting sunscreen on them.
We see the title and introduction on a black screen.
A boy is seen raking leaves in a yard.
The first boy stops and walks towards the camera.
A boy cleans a bathroom with a mop while dancing.
Then, he drains the mop in a pail, after the boy continues cleaning the floor.
After, the boy drains again the mop.
We see a man with a drill on the ice.
The man cranks the drill and drills a hole in the ice.
We see a man in a white room talking.
We see the man's hairy legs.
We see the wax strips pulled off the man's legs.
The man grimaces in pain.
Two ladies in bathing suits build a sand castle on the beach while a toddler stands by watching.
The girl gets up and walks into another room.
The kids talk about be bug and wrestle on the floor.
We see a shot of the terrain.
The boy puts on gear and talks to the camera.
We see more of the drone footage as the boy rides the dirt bike.
We see a map on an opening screen.
We then see some still images.
A lady uses a brush to put black paint around a male eye.
The male looks at her and then at the ceiling.
In the end more pictures are shown of the couple riding on the camels.
people are decorating a big christmas tree.
the christmas tree is ready and is standing in the middle of the room.
A small plane window is shown and through it,you can see the propellers at the end spinning.
Next,a set of flippers are shown and scuba divers begin to jump in the water.
He finally finishes by speaking to the camera.
After,the man begins moving both his feet rapidly as the stick begins to hit up against the bass drum.
An athlete is seen running onto a field holding onto a lacrosse stick.
The man then begins running around while the camera follows him.
The man continues to run up and down the field.
One of the players in the pool makes a shot.
A woman in pink leggings takes pictures of the man playing.
People on the street applaud the young man.
There are two men connected to the large rock wall, one is higher up on the rock and the other one is on the ground and when the man that is higher repels very quickly, the man on the ground quickly gets lifted from the ground but not all the way up the rock wall.
The man then takes a bag of flour and dips a measuring in the bag and gives it to the job and dumps it into the bowl.
After,the male adds a stick of butter to the bowl and the child begins to stir it and stick their hand in the bowl to taste it.
The pan then goes into the oven and the two individuals as well as the dog starts to watch them cook.
She then holds up the glass and chugs the beer in one cup.
He jumps on a diving board and does a back flip into the water.
A man jumps off a tower.
He falls off a tower backwards into the air.
They then start fighting with them and dancing around each other.
People rides horses on an unpaved road and cross tree river in the forest.
When the people cross the last river they see a beautiful building.
One woman stands up and begins walking towards the back.
More girls join them and jump rope on the court.
People are standing on the sidelines watching.
the man performs a routine with a baton.
The man flips two times and tries to catch the baton but it falls.
The man moves the baton on his neck, and does a spin then moves the baton on his neck.
the man grabs a snowball from the floor and throw it to a woman.
The focus then switches back to the tattoo artist who is still working on the tattoo.
The camera man turns the camera to himself to talk to it, then shows the other men who are watching from an open door, then goes back to the tattoo artist who continues to work on the tattoo.
There's a tutorial on how to make shortbread cookies.
After cooling the dough, she takes it out and cuts them into rectangular pieces.
She places the raw cookie on a cookie sheet and bakes them.
The man throws his arms in the air.
The man finishes and walks away.
The girl dives several more times backwards into the pool while others continue to watch.
The man and woman continue speaking to the camera.
The exercise montage is shown again.
Two girls put dead leaves in a plastic container.
People continues cleaning the yard.
A man is now standing on a dirt road holding up large cards with numbers on them, and 11 motocross riders are at a start line, the man moves out of the way and the riders take off as fast as they can and they go around the track.
A black screen appears and the white words displayed read "(c) M and S productions Thanks!".
A gymnast swings back and forth from a bar.
She brushes the hair and begins putting a roller in front followed by more teasing of the hair.
She puts another roller in followed by several more and taking them out in the end.
Several more people are seen wrapping objects in paper while speaking to one another and helping.
A table is set with a large pitcher of iced tea.
A group of people play a game of croquet in the park.
Players hits a croquet ball with a mallet guiding it between their legs.
The man pulls the cord attached to the exercise machine repeatedly.
man open a padlock and enters in a basement and building a table putting glue and planish the wood.
man is in the outside planish the edges with an emery.
man is skating in a backyard.
man is painting the table with gray painting.
cars are going down a sreet.
After, all the boy skated on different objects on the road.
People are sitting on orange blankets and under orange umbrellas next to the field.
A man is shown in someone rocky water sailing by himself in the water.
The waves become harder and the man has to hold on as the boat moves to the side ensuring that he won't fall out.
A lady with wet hair sits in a chair as a person holding the blow dryer moves it around.
the lady scrunches the wet hair as she blow dries it.
Once dry the lady holds her head up and shakes her hair as the lady scrunches it.
One friend falls back into the chair in amazement after the song.
The two friends congratulate the man for his guitar performance and shake hands.
A right hand is shown doing various strokes on a white paper.
The artist then continues drawing some more hair and then the art is finished.
A man named BRYAN MCBRIDE is standing and then begins his high jump where he clears it, lands and vigorously cheers as he runs off.
A white dog is in a soapy bathtub, lying on his back, as the person rub his belly and chest with soap.
In a parking lot at the beach there is some palm trees and a man begins to jump around on what looks like a high speed pogo stick.
An Asian woman is crouching next to the plastic slide talking about it and she moves it around to show it a few times.
The slide is upside down and she touches and pulls a lever to collapse the slide and prop it up against the fence.
He throws a rope around its neck and then runs off the horse after it.
He gets back on the horse and they get ready to ride back.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man is seen standing behind a stand while others stand in front.
He then points to himself and the crowd looking confused and finally his score being shown.
The man then begins sharpening the knife using a tool on the table.
A man walks up to some weights.
He lifts the weights to his chest.
Many outdoor waterfalls are shown at what looks to be an outdoor park.
One group falls off and the raft gets stuck and the people continue swimming down the river.
We see a tattoo artist putting  tattoo on a lady's arm.
The people run towards balls and pick them up.
We see a lady catch a ball and throw it.
The man kicks the wall and walks away.
Snowboarders do tricks over obstacles at a ski resort.
Snowboarders race through a finish gate at the bottom of the slope.
We see men pulling and pushing a boat.
We see the intro screen.
The audience cheers and claps at the results of the dive.
A man is talking in front of a giant swimming pool.
She does a flip off the beam and lands on a mat.
The man touched his neck briefly as he talked to camera.
A guy is in his garage.
The guy uses a welding tool.
A man is shown loading a vacuum cleaner.
He puts the vacuum on his back.
A man is on a sandy beach, playing croquette.
He hits a ball in slow motion through the rings, hitting a stick on the ground as two other players walk up.
A woman is stacking up hula hoops around her.
She shakes a mans hand.
She is talking to a camera.
A man is seen in several pictures showing how to perform a jump from the ground.
The pictures then transition into of the man performing the stunt as well as with a bar on his back and jumping up.
We see girls on a field playing lacrosse and the camera flashes and lights up one girl on the field.
The bridge and where she jumped from is shown one last time.
The violinist press the strings with four fingers and move the bow.
Then, the man stops a little bit and then continues playing, the young man stops playing and talks.
She adds pasta to a large pot on the stove.
A man is water skiing on a large lake.
a man is using a tool to cleanly press flooring into the ground.
He then uses a cutter to remove excess from the wall.
She is then shown going between spinning and lifting weights.
Outside of a very big and beautiful home up on the roof you can see that some work has been done.
The top of the roof looked a little rusty and then it looked beautiful.
Two men fight over the ball.
50 passes the ball to number 1.
Number 1 throws the ball and scores.
More close ups are shown of the machine as well as the specs it comes along with.
Then man continuously rides on the machine while the camera captures him from several angles.
We see paintballs breaking when the hit the ground.
We see title screens and a beach.
People on a paintball field, and people on the boardwalk are interspersed.
We see a smiling lady and a skateboarder.
A man is hit in the face with a balloon full of paint.
We see a beach full of gulls.
The dancers move there arms in a circle around their waist.
The dancers turn there bodies while stepping up on to the platforms.
The woman then turns on a hose and begins cleaning and scrubbing a car while the working men watch her on the side and comment.
A boy wearing jeans and a red and black jacket is swinging on a swing as he moves his legs back and forth.
When the boy is done swinging he lets go of the swing, jumps off, lands with his hands and feet on the ground, gets up, dusts his hands off on his jeans and begins walking towards the camera.
A computer generated woman in a computer generated house walks into a wallless bathroom.
little kid is in a roofed gym doing gymnastics.
We see a man talking into a camera.
We see a table full of bowls of food.
We see a man making omelets.
The man makes an omelette and puts it on a plate.
The two men shake hands.
We then see the ending screens.
A lady reads a paper on the far end of the couch/.
A lady close to the camera knits.
The reading lady puts her paper down.
More people are shown surfing along large waves while many sit in the water and watch.
The men compete chopping wood pieces that are standing upright.
A woman is changing her flat tire.
The same man is shown playing against various contestants and the refs calling each game when he is done.
The man then begins bowling the ball down the lane.
A woman is seen scooping up a spoonful of ice cream and taking a bite with a baby in front of her.
A person is seen shooting a cue ball on a pool table with many others watching her around the sides.
The woman hits the ball hard and looks around the table to see what she hit.
We see a title screen and the ladies standing in a field talking to the camera.
The title screen with a horse loads.
The girl continues dancing around and ends by bowing and walking off stafe.
A large wooden plank fence is shown outside and then the animated version is shown.
A man is then seen rubbing his hands, pitching a tent, and laying stacks of wood together to create a fire.
The man has trouble lighting the fire when another person comes in and also attempts to light a fire.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair with a man rubbing her face.
The camera zooms in on her faces and shows the man giving the girl a piercing.
The man wipes off her eye and the camera zooms out.
A woman then shows the host how to make a meal by mixing various ingredients together.
man is standing in a room holding a pole on his hand and showing the position to make exercise.
man in a gym room and kneels on his knee to make exercise holding the pole.
A large white  man is sitting in front of a restaurant freezer talking.
The male then begins making a list on his hands and takes a twelve inch sub and cuts it in half.
The snow is falling outside on the street.
The cameraman walks to a young child on the sidewalk.
The child shovels the snow from the sidewalk.
Several people are shown walking on the wire while also speaking to the camera and attempting many tricks.
He performs tricks, flipping and going up multiple ramps.
Then, the athlete does a cartwheel, flip three times and land stand on the mat.
a man wearing a hat is talking to the camera.
The woman then puts her hair up in a ponytail while still continuing to brush it out.
She flips and spins while other girls wait their turn before dismounting.
A man in tshirt spins and throws a hammer throw on sporting field.
A person pushes a lady in a tube down a hill.
The lady reaches the bottom of the hill and the tube spins on the snow.
A blonde woman is speaking to a camera while wearing a lab coat.
Several people are walking down a subway and the train takes off.
Once there are less people,the man walks in and plugs up a vacuum and begins to clean.
The man then takes out fries and dumps them on the floor and begins eating the fries off the ground.
The man pushes the display and adjusts the tension.
We see the bike going and the man running behind the bike.
The man uses a red paddle to work on removing snow from a car.
Several pictures of people from the film are shown, interspersed with word screen explaining the movie.
A group of women are inside a dark gym.
They are all riding on recumbent bikes.
A large, lit up stage is shown followed by a man playing a piano and close ups of his fingers.
He is spraying a small dog with a hose.
He takes his rubber gloves off.
The baby reaches for him as he again shows up and gives him a push.
Two tools lay in the grass.
The woman sits strapped into bungee jumping gear from the top of a high platform and speaks, smiles and waives while facing the camera .
A man is playing the saxophone on a stage with blue lighting and a large audience watching him.
Music is playing in the background.
We see a opening title screen.
We see the man kneeling on the rug talking.
We see an ending title screen.
A man is shown in a field shooting a paint ball gun.
He then stops and flashes a thumbs up at the screen.
There are numerous cars, fields, and large vehicles parked on the sides of the road.
A camera is seen on the dashboard of a car capturing various sights and scenery while quickly moving along.
The ball gets thrown back and forth across the water.
man is standing in a chair fixing the crack on the wall.
They take hills and curves very fast.
A man who is likely her coach is spotting and training her.
woman holds her hair in a ponytail and add hairspray and in the tail make a braid, with the ramaining hair she used a hair donut and wrapped the braid around.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man on a boat talking.
We see a lady riding water skis on a lake.
The lady falls into the water.
We then see the man talking to the camera.
A person goes skiing on an artificial lake.
They go over jumps and enjoy their lives.
The people kick a ball up and down the field while others chase from behind.
The game continues on with the people playing and audience members cheering for them.
A man is dancing on a stage.
The male without the shoes,does many flips and the boy with the jumping repeats them as well but with the shoes.
Once the boy has finally done the flip successfully with the shoes he stops and is congratulated by his friend and there is an instant replay.
A long line of people are seen standing on a diving board and begin flipping into the pool.
Finally,a winner is declared,he is given his medal and puts his hands up in excitement.
A woman stands by a horse as she speaks to a camera.
A man spray paints the sofa red.
The sofa is on cardboard.
Finally the entire sofa is painted.
Two pairs of people are on green and red mats competing with one another in a game of fencing.
He then makes several hand gestures signaling the score and then claps for them to begin again.
The game continues on in the same manner until a winner is declared and the man in the suit makes and X with his arms.
A man practice tennis serving and hits the ball with the racket.
man is being interviewed in sidewalk.
The group ends their routine as they dramatically leave the gym one by one.
We shift and see the puppy sitting next to her.
We zooms in and out on the blanket.
We see a man on a track talking to the camera.
The main guy runs in circles.
The guy in gray runs in circles.
A dog is seen laying on the ground and leads into a person turning water on.
The dog scratches the bin around while the camera captures his movements.
The men perform Tai Chi slowly.
The men turn and face the left.
A woman in a green shirt is holding two brushes in her hands.
They are split into two teams.
The teams are playing a game of volleyball.
After, the man put the right leg on the chair and pretende tie the shoe.
A small group of people are seen running down a field when one scores a goal.
A man is in front of a crowd with a midget, as they throw darts at a dart board.
The person climbs on the bike and begins riding furiously.
A living room is shown, and a man and two boys bring in a christmas tree.
Another boy is seen throwing the dart onto a window.
The girl throws the dart onto the ceiling where it sticks for a bit and falls back into her hand.
He moves very quickly and trims the beard very precisely.
They are engaged in a game of polo.
He picks up a ball and throws it down the lane.
He picks up another ball and shows how to hold it properly.
Finally,the desired hair style is finished and the video ends.
A woman starts running down a track sprinting.
They also play a replay of her jumping several times.
She walks up the track.
Another woman starts running down the track and jumps.
The results come up on the screen.
A man rides a bike a short distance toward the camera and stops.
The man demonstrates how the pedal and chains work.
The man is shown working on the hand brakes and cable of the bike.
The man rides away.
The person then begins brushing the dog while the dog fights back.
The men are demonstrating various stances.
One of the men runs and throws the ball.
A pack of instant noodles is shown.
Two children are shown smiling at the camera.
Several people are on horses playing polo.
The horse gets up but, the man remains on the ground.
The other polo players are in the area walking around with their horses.
A group of runners are gathered in the woods.
A group of men play soccer on an indoor playing field in front of an audience in surrounding bleachers.
Further in the game the yellow team earns another goal and shakes hands briefly with each other along with clapping their backs in celebratory response.
A man holding a blue cushion practices basketball with the players in the gym.
A man and a woman are standing together talking on a studio set.
After,several products including spray and brushes are shown as the necessary things to complete the look,The lady then comes back and goes step by step starting with a pony tail and separating her hair into equal strands until it is braided to the end.
Finally,the bottom is secured with a pony tail holder and she sprays her hair to ensure the style will be locked into place.
We then see a man getting a hair cut outdoors.
We then see the ending credits.
A woman is sitting behind a table.
She rolls up a towel and puts it in tissue paper.
She puts the tissue paper inside of a gift bag.
She adds more tissue paper to the bag.
People are sitting in bumper cars before the turn on.
A boy in a green car gets hit by a red car.
We see the people standing outside the bumper cars.
A man wearing a yellow shirt does the same thing.
It cuts back to a man in blue lifting dumbbells.
Several shots of the man lifting dumbbells are played.
A topless man stands on front a playground talking.
After, the man walks to the path and jumps rope, then he exercise bending his legs while talking.
A man is mopping the floor.
A red cart is next to the man in the hallway.
A man is standing and holding onto a pinata and then quickly lets go when he looks at the little girl in front of it with a stick.
The little girl then hits the pinata two times and then hands it off to a man behind her.
We see an opening screen on white.
The men get up from the table and the buff man in purple laughs.
We see the closing screen.
The man stands next to her and talks.
We see a man jump with his name on the screen.
People are playing baseball on a baseball field.
man is standingin a roofed gym ready to mak a big jump into a balance beam.
A man wearing makeup is seen talking to a card dealer screaming while the card dealer flips over a card.
The man with makeup then kills another man with a pencil while the card dealer gets angry and shows more cards.
A couple is in a kitchen in front of food ingredients.
A chef shows a woman how to cook, then assemble the vegetebles and meats for a salad.
A lawnmower in a yard is shown.
When he is done, a final view of the yard and home are shown.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing around a group of exercise equipment.
He then walks off and gets up back on the horse.
women are standing in a trampoline and make a jump into the pool at the same time.
woman is putted in a stretcher and is being caried by paramedics.
A small girl runs away from the pinata while holding the stick.
the people all clap and the girl smiles and turns toward the camera.
The woman helps tape up the kite in the end after the man running let it fall.
The skier is wiping his goggles.
He then begins to ski down the slope.
He jumps the 3rd ramp.
A person then steps into a red bucket that is filled with clothes, soap and water and the person begins to step continuously onto the clothes as the water swishes.
The camera then pans and shows the wall near the person and it has broken glass sitting at the very top.
A person is seen standing on a pile of snow holding a shovel.
A pinata is seen being held up and the woman grabbing onto a bat.
They have food and knitting supplies in front of them.
man kneel down and put a flip flops.
A child chases after a kit flying in the air on the beach.
A man grabs onto two bars with each hand as he raises his body up and down.
A man picks up a ball and spins around.
People are sitting behind the fence watching him.
The video leads into a scene from The Karate Kid with a group of bullies holding a young man hostage and an older man comes into frame.
A woman is laying down getting a harness put on her.
She rides up in a yellow cart.
She lays back down on the mat to get the harness taken off.
A man holding two beers approaches another man and a chimpanzee.
The other man starts saying cheers while the chimp and the man clink the bottles together.
The chimp then walks off with the beer that was given to him.
She plays with her hair to show the curls.
The woman sits up on her knees and is pointing to the ground.
The woman is standing up demonstrating pole dancing.
A group of people are outside holding umbrellas watching the marching band perform in the parade.
A girl is standing in the bathroom wearing a robe.
She then demonstrates how to place the rollers in her hair.
Children line up to get their hands stamped.
Groups of young children wearing blue shirts start playing hopscotch.
Various ingredients are shown laid out in bowls and switches between a man talking and mixing ingredients.
The pan puts oil in a hot pan and pours the ingredients into the pan while continuously stirring and speaking to the camera.
A close up of a kayak is shown on a lake and leads into several shots of different locations.
man is behind the bar walking side to side.
A boy plays on a swing set in an outdoors childrens playground.
A group of young children play ball on a grassy field.
The man rolls the ball and the children take turns kicking it and running around the field.
A woman is standing up next to a chair talking.
She pulls a wipe out of a bottle and wipes down the chair.
The girl shows how to wrap a gift by wrapping a plain box while kneeling on the floor.
We then see the ending title screen.
A group of kids gather at the top of a high dive.
They jump off one by one, landing in the water below.
3 mean are doing step aerobics in a studio.
The man in the red shirt is leading the group.
They switch and now the man in the blue shirt is leading the group.
He begins brushing the dog with a brush.
The dog stands up and walks away.
people are in the rapids of the river.
A man in yellow falls to the ground.
A waverider is racing across the path of hundreds of windsurfers.
The windsurfers race across the water, using boats as turning points.
The people kick their feet and wave to the camera followed by one man holding a drink and smiling on the beach.
We then see people walking down a railroad track, then floating lazily in intertubes on a river.
The people float near a bridge before the video ends.
woman divide the hair and start to do a french bride and talk to the camera.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a jump rope in both hands.
The woman stands in front of a balance beam in a gymnast pose.
The women jumps on the balance beam and does many gymnastic moves on the beam before jumping off of the beam.
A person behind the gymnast perform cartwheels and flips in the air on the center of the gym.
The gymnast swing from the border of the bars, the jumps to stand on the hands and make tuns.
Then, the gymnast flips in the air and lands stand on the mat.
A man is standing in front of another man outside.
A small group of people are seen riding bikes around a track completing a race with one another.
a man and a woman are in a ring wrestling while a referee is standing in the corner of the ring along with a woman holding a wrestling belt.
a man and a woman are wrestling in a ring in a competition.
A woman in a red shirt boils spaghetti on a stove top and taste tests it for doneness.
The woman moves the spaghetti to a sink and pours it into a white bowl.
A waiter brings them coffee in white mugs.
Three men are in a room playing instruments.
One man is in the room singing.
Two man a in a room sitting.
A man on the left is playing a guitar that lays on a table.
They man on the right is singing while he is playing.
The intro screen appears with the words Howcast, a flag banner with the words "HOW TO PAINT WITH OILS" appear and various people are show painting on canvases.
Various different lists of supplies you need appear and a person is at a store gathering the supplies.
People pass by a man giving an interview.
A tv news anchor reports on a story.
Those at the marathon are seen cheering, accepting awards, being jovial.
The director of the race gives an interview as people pass behind him.
More people run the marathon.
Then, the athlete runs and performs a high jump, but he makes fall the horizontal pole of the pole jump.
After, the athlete jumps again successfully.
A girl puts on a no show sock and then a slip on shoe on her left foot.
A person puts flower, sugar, water and two eggs in a bowl.
Then, the person mix the ingredients, and then adds chocolate and mix.
After, the person put the cake mix in a baking pan, then bake in an oven.
The video continues to countdown and shows several more shots of hockey players scoring impressive goals.
A man stands outside, pouring water over his head.
A girl is talking about fencing, she does it it for fun and sport.
The man continues cutting grass around the yard and leads into him use a leaf blower as well as a lawn mower.
A couple people are seen walking over to a pinata and being being blindfolded by another.
The person is then spun around and takes several hits at the pinata.
Two smoking ladies walk up and stop.
The right one lights her cigarette then smokes.
Another young athlete then makes the same jump.
Her action is then repeated, but in slow motion once again.
The people tear off an old roof as well as pool decks and other wooden areas using a large tool to rip it up.
A grey african parrot walks up to a coffee mug filled with coffee.
A woman sprays mist onto the hair of young man and she continues on to cut his hair, blow dry it, and finishes off by styling it.
The female hair stylists begins by shampooing the hair of the young man.
She sprays a product throughout the hair of the man.
She smears the pomade onto her hands and rubs it all over the hair of the young man.
The two hairstylists and the man sit down and chat.
A man wearing a grey suit and safety glasses is playing an electric guitar with an oven glove on the end.
The crowd holds out a green tarp as the lettuce and salad is poured into it.
They then line up as bowls of the largest salad is served.
The boy continues attempting tricks wile falling off on the side and trying again, landing the moves the last try.
They have a singer, guitarist and even drummer all together trying to make some music.
The signer is very passionate about his work, he gets very into the song.
Dancing with the mic stand and all as his peers play along with him having a good time.
First the white batter is placed in the bundt pan, followed by chocolate, then alternating between the two.
A fully baked cake is then shown and sliced.
A man is wearing a yellow vest and white hat.
A person is making a sandwich on tin foil.
They wrap the sandwich up and put it in a bag.
They are driving their car around giving people the food.
More shots of people riding down a river are shown as well as people climbing out and putting their sticks together.
One man almost falls out and a young boy is shown being interviewed for the camera.
An add for a professional cleaning service appears.
She is demonstrating how to clean the faucet and bowl of the sink by pouring fluid around all the edges.
The woman wipes down the sink to make it clean.
She is then shown speaking her final words in front of a house with a car parked behind her.
Two men the shuffle in front of the ice and put their hands up to cheer in the end.
A woman runs fast and performs long jump in a sand box, then the woman stand and walk.
The scene of the woman performing the long jumps is repeated, then the woman jumps happily.
Various people are seen sitting in tubes and lead into them pushing themselves along and riding down a snowy mountain.
More clips are shown of people riding down the mountain as well as sitting at the bottom and racing with others.
materials list and shows how o use the balance beam.
Two men are seen holding lacrosse sticks and speaking to the camera with one holding a stick.
The men demonstrate how to properly push another player with sticks and hitting the other person with a stick.
The man begins vacuuming up some white powder on a hardwood floor.
A partially painted fence stands in a backyard.
We see a lady talking to the camera.
The lady plays the saxophone in NYC.
The lady lays on the ground, then hangs upside down by her legs.
We see a cop on a horse.
We see a bare chested woman in a red wig.
We see the end screen credits.
The different players speak to the camera before the race.
Then, a man shovels the a driveway while talking.
Sometimes he fails, other times he is successful.
a man is on a snow covered lake with a fishing pole and fish reader.
He is attempting to catch a fish through a hole in the ice.
We see a man in a garden with a cart.
We see a compilation of four shots.
We see a tree in mulch.
A man shovels mulch and moves it with his hand.
The boy wearing the white t-shirt then lets her fall backwards onto the bed softly.
The three boys then do a fist shake while the little girl lays on the bed.
car is driving through street in a neighborhood.
two men are standing in front of the car that is parked at a sid of the street looking a spike rubber and a list of materials is shown.
The man wearing a yellow shirt goes back and forth the length of the yard in a straight line.
Justin Beiber is playing the piano with a yellow frame around him.
The camera zooms in and a caption says "Justin Beiber- Plays Classical Pieces".
The scene fades to black.
Justin is playing the drums with a caption "Justin Beiber Drum Solo".
He thows the drumsticks, a caption comes up saying "Justin Beiber Heartless/Successful".
Justin Beiber is playing the guitar with the youtube link below.
They begin bumping into each other.
A green car spins around and hits a gray car.
a woman is explaining the materials to iron garments.
The iron is on a blue blouse.
He is alone and starts to illustrate different tricks that you could do when servicing the ball.
For the first one,he has the ball on the end of the tennis racket that is upside down,he jilts the tennis racket up and hits the ball while it is up in the air.
Once that is successful,more tricks follow and he does other things such as spinning,behind the back, and juggle serves.
They fight over the ball and try to get it into a goal.
They are shown from numerous angles playing the game.
She is using a large brush to brush her hair.
She looks up, continuing to brush.
A man plays two drums while seated on a carpet.
a man and a woman are standing on a room talking to the camera.
woman is doing exercise in diferent machines like rowing, eliptical and legs machine and lifting weight.
Various shots are shown of people riding down a river in a large raft while continuously paddling.
Close ups of the girls are shown as well as several other people waving and riding down the river.
Several people speak to the camera as well as swim in the water and lead into more shots of them riding down the river.
A man on a black horse showcases several different rodeo moves involving calf roping in a dirt filled, fence bordered, outdoor, rodeo ring.
The man then is shown exhibiting a toe and heel move from a horse to a calf in the rodeo ring.
The girl begins to jumprope on the park ground exhibiting rope work  and leg work within the techniques.
The man plays another scale and stops to describe the scale and process of playing the violin.
The men continue skating around one another while speaking and laughing to each other.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into more clips of people playing.
A woman talks to the camera while next to a vacuum cleaner.
Closeups of the vacuum cleaner working is shown.
The woman seals the container.
The woman inserts the container into the vacuum.
A hockey player with short black hair and a white and green uniform is shown.
Once he is finished,the man is pictured being a goal as an opponent in a red uniform tries to hit the puck in the goal.
He comes back to talk to the camera and then a black screen is pictured with the word Hockey Community shown.
People are sitting in rafts going down a river.
They go down a small waterfall and one of the rafts flips over.
After a short of amount of time,the man then gets up and grabs the camera and leaves.
He then ties a bow around the top and presents it to the camera.
She spreads it out with a spatula.
A man stands on a circle inside a net.
A man is rolling out dough on a counter.
He puts them on a cookie sheet and puts them in the oven.
He puts frosting on the cookie and puts two of them together.
A chef sits on a crate and peels potatoes with a hand peeler gadget.
A man is seen sitting on stage holding an accordion in his hands.
The man then begins playing the instrument while looking off into the distance.
The man continues playing while smiling to the camera and stops playing in the end.
They begin to kick their legs in the pool.
people is standing next to the fence watching the girl.
Another man in a suit talks in front of a TV screen.
People are running around on a field playing lacrosse.
We see a number of opening scenes.
A band is playing music on a stage.
A girl is making a tutorial for putting on contacts.
She tries again and it stays and she gets close to the camera to show that the contact is in.
He begins to wipe snow off the side of a minivan.
A crowd in the background watches gymnasts performing.
Another gymnast in an orange suit, jumps onto two bars and performs many flips.
A coach who was standing nearby removes a mini trampoline from under the bars.
The gymnast jumps off the bars and lands on his butt.
He stands up and raises his arms above his head.
A young child is seen standing in front of a counter and begins putting ingredients onto a slice of bread.
A group of kids are around a bunch of shelves looking at trophies.
A teen dance hip hop in a rooftop during the day and night while other teens watch.
A young man stands on his hands spinning around and dance hip hop, also the teen dance hip hop during the day and night.
Then, the young man spins around many times, then the teen dance hip hop.
A crew of men clean a red car with clothes.
A worker gives money to man who signs a paper.
A man driving a yellow car is interviewed, then a reporter talks in a parking lot.
Men clean a yellow car in a parking lot.
A man wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a man sitting down holding an iron.
An individual is shown installing some sort of covering on a rooftop.
The camera pans to show the nearby buildings.
A man is seen playing an instrument before a microphone and large tv's seen behind him.
The man continues playing as a group of people dance behind him and the audience cheering.
A person is seen holding up a small dog under running water.
Women stand beside the dog helping to wash it off as the dog kicks it's legs around.
A band plays an acoustic guitar with a band on stage during a party.
A man sits down wearily and his guitar is taken by a man in the crowd.
A man fights fights with his date in the crowd.
The man playing the guitar stops and intervenes with the couple standing between them.
The boyfriend challenges the man and pushes him then get put into an arm lock and disabled.
The camera pans to show another man wearing strange headgear mixes something in a bowl.
The camera pans to capture both of them together.
The second man offers the first man a taste of the mixture.
Several people are outside with their phones waiting to see a performance of some sort.
They continue running through the city doing various activities such as going to bars,drinking milk and eating at the gas station.
A man puts nails to new planks in the roof.
The people are shown surfing in the water on surfboards.
The players are playing lacrosse in the field.
The coaches are standing on the side of the field and walked.
We see 86m in the upper right corner of the screen.
We see a lady recording the event with a camera.
The camera focuses on an uncompleted cake.
The woman talks to the camera some more.
A closeup of a bowl if eggs is shown.
A sequence of quick cuts is shown in which the woman mixes eggs and other ingredients together into a cake.
A woman dips a hose into a large tub.
She appears to be cleaning supplies.
The match continues on with the people going back and fourth while others practice behind them and watch.
He checks each picket and once he is sure they are ready he covers them in a white stain.
We see a title screen.
A little boy snarls at the camera.
We see shots of cameras.
A man and woman hug and kiss.
She then runs forward toward the camera.
a woman is holding a camera in front of her face.
The woman moves the camera to expose the camel she is riding.
A news man is sitting in a news room with an image of the Budweiser logo behind him.
A hockey game scene is shown for a few seconds.
A person is windsurfing in the body of water.
After, the man holds the dog on his arms and walks away.
In the beginning three different cut scenes are shown that shows different gymnasts completing different exercises.
Afterwards a male instructor is seen standing next to parallel bars and giving instructions.
He puts cleaner on the shoes and shines them using a rag.
The man in the yellow shirt raises his hands in the air.
The crowd sitting watching the game cheers.
A woman shows how to make mixed drinks with chocolate syrup, kahlua, and Bailey's.
She adds ice, the liqueur and puts it on a napkin.
A man is standing in front of a bicycle as he talks.
He repeats, loosening and tightening the bolt.
They throw a series of balls at one another, trying to dodge and catch them.
A nurse is standing next to the bed.
A person is going off a jump on a snowboard and crashes several times.
The first woman joins the second in dancing.
She moves her hands around while holding onto the lens and leads into her demonstrating how to put one in your eye.
The man then talks into a microphone as an animated video game plays behind him in full screen.
The game plays behind the man as a grey and blue animated figure battle each other and eventually fall down a flight of stairs before the scene fades.
The man is then mopping the floor.
A man is mixing adhesive in a bucket.
The man pours the adhesive onto the floor.
A man is installing wooden floorboards.
A man uses a roller on the floorboards.
We see a man in black behind the bowler look around and stand up.
We see a man next to the bowler choosing his ball.
A main with a small video camera shoots footage of the musical group.
a fencing court is shown and people practicing holding pes and doing lunges.
woman is talking to the camera in a room.
1 A girl with her braces is sitting down.
3 The guy puts a second ring in the girl's lip.
4 The guy cleans up the girls lip.
5 The guy gives the girl something to gargle.
Two adults and two kids are making a sand castle.
We then see two boys in a room pretend to wrestle.
Three children run on the street followed by the teen, then she stands on the street holding a ball.
Then, the teen throws the ball to a child who throws back it and runs away.
After, the teen throws again the ball to a girl who kicks back the ball and runs.
Then the woman has her hair down, spray something in her hair, put it in a clip then use a flat iron to straighten, she started at the back first, then the middle then the top of the head.
A man is outside on a snowy day, scraping the snow from his car with a scraper.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man is seen standing at the back of a diving board rubbing his hands together and standing up straight.
A girl in a black shirt is sitting down.
She stops playing and lowers the flute.
A person drags a skateboard through the snow.
He is then seen doing several stunts and falls through the yard.
A man is seen paddling along the water on a surf board and leads into clips of him surfing and a man speaking to the camera.
The crowd cheers, and one of the players hits his knees.
The woman is shown diving off of the blue diving board head first.
A chef is standing behind the counter with all the supplies for making a reuben sandwich.
Kids go down a slide.
Kids are on a seesaw and jungle gym.
Then, a person from Japan performs long jump.
Am athlete from Brasil, also performs long jump and wins.
The tech makes a mark on the person's lip and then makes the piercing.
a man is cleaning the nose area of a girl sitting in a chair.
After sterilizing her nose, he inserts a piercing into the septum.
She laughs as the insertion is completed.
After he demonstrates it,he comes back and starts to hold his hands out and point to his rib cage and arm muscles to show the proper way to position yourself.
Once he is done talking,he goes back into the position and straddles his legs out before rising them in the air while his hands support his weight.
When he is finished,the young boys begin smiling and start to clap in amazement.
They hit the ball back and forth against the wall, before stopping and talking to each other.
The man continues spraying water and leads back into speaking to the camera.
A chef is shown in a kitchen.
He cuts loaves of bread and watermelons.
A woman's eyes are shown close up from different angles.
Several men ski, ride jet skis and wake boards.
Two men tip a jet ski over on it's side in the water.
A woman wearing a white shirt is playing an accordion.
Two boys are seen walking down a street followed by two police bikes and a large parade.
A marching band is shown playing various instruments down the street followed by more police cars riding behind.
Ellen and the girl play together involving a giant racket and speaking to the camera.
A group of people are on a sandy volleyball field.
Two boys are playing on an indoor tennis court.
She goes over the waves in the water.
A man is outside mowing the lawn while a dog runs around after him.
This man is riding the bike in the beginning of the video.
Then he is shown unboxing bicycle parts and putting everything together.
The man is stood up and then pretends to hit a piata but instead goes after someone pretending with a stick.
One man lays on the ground after being hit with a ball and is shown again in slow motion.
We then see images and still photos as he talks.
We see a man on a horse in a pen.
The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse.
She then stops talking and starts to drink the beer that has been in the glass since the beginning of the video.
The person puts the dark cloth back into the red bag.
The woman returns to the camera to turn it off.
A kid is hanging from a bar.
A man demonstrates how to train a dog to do tricks by teaching him how to fetch a frisbee in an indoor gymnasium.
The man begins standing next to the dog while talking to the camera and holding a frisbee in each hand.
The man then begins throwing frisbees wildly into the air at which point the dog begins to chase the frisbees and catch them at times, in mid air.
A man is in a gym, lifting a barbell.
The sponsors and description of a chemical product is displayed as an introduction.
The person shows the brush bristles now browned.
The person rinses the wooden chair with the garden hose.
The person sprays chemical on a cotton pads and whips the wooden chair.
The boy is then seen climbing on monkey bars as well as a man running around the playground.
A little girl is standing at the sink washing a knife.
She talks and yells at the camera while soaping up the sponge.
A man stretches a rope between two trees.
He spins in circles, maintaining his balance.
A man is standing in front of a bathroom sink holding an electric shaver.
He shaves off his beard, dropping the trimmings into the sink.
He shakes hands with another gymnast and the routine is shown again in slow motion, ending with him waving to the crowd.
People are lined up at the top of a hill on bicycles.
A man in a black and white film is shown doing a running long jump.
We then see several clips of men doing the same thing at competitions, including in the USSR.
The people continue speaking while others practice behind them.
Four ballerinas dance across the stage back and forth.
The ladies bow and exit the stage.
a woman is speaking as she sits and then lies down on a mat.
She does several sit ups from the floor.
She talks while she does the sit ups.
Two teams plays field hokey in a field.
The referee raise his left hand .
The group picks up one after the other and dances around the stage while others spot.
The group continues dancing in front of the crowd and ends by walking off stage.
A few kids are walking in the snow behind a wall.
The shot is then of a bunch of people on sleds going down the snow covered hill.
nother shot is shown of a train of kids on inner tubes going down the hill.
A girl walks along the gym holding her fencing gear.
She points at the camera with her sword.
The gym is full of kids fencing and practicing.
She starts fencing with another girl.
A coach in a blue shirt gives the direction.
Various pictures of body builders are shown as people as videos of people lifting and leads into two men grabbing hands.
Another man holds theirs together and let's go to begin an arm wrestling match.
As the female athletes continue their practice a man wearing a gym outfit gets interviewed while he stands in front of targets.
Finally a female athlete gets interviewed as the female athletes continue to practice archery.
They walk offscreen as they play, and we see rows of empty seats.
The men walk into view, in front of the seats, then away.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding up various tools and begins putting them on a bike.
A gymnast is seen standing ready before uneven bars while many are watching on the sides.
She flips herself around and ends by jumping down.
Then, the man fries an egg and puts it on the bread as well the mortadella, green leaves, cheese and ketchup.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The guy is moving and flipping with leg extensions.
A man backs up and looks on at the guy.
The woman continues cutting the cats claws as it sits motionless and she pets him in the meantime.
A close up of a dart board is shown as well as several darts coming in off the distance.
A girl lies down on her back on carpet.
She starts working out on the machine.
A woman is taking a contact out of her eye.
The boy in the middle is standing in front of a woman who is tying the bandanna around his eyes so he can't see the pinata.
As she is doing that,a man comes along and directs the kids to back up so they won't get hit.
After the boy is spun around,the boy takes several swings at the pinata but isn't successful at breaking it open because someone keeps moving it up and down on the string.
More players are shown speaking to the camera while others push a puck along the ice and celebrate.
An advertisement is on the screen first.
Several blocks fall, forming a black and white picture of two girls.
She continues smoking out of the hookah as the camera captures her movements and she sits down in the end to smoke more.
A large group of people are seen standing in a circle surrounding two people in the middle.
We see a little girl spinning around and around and we see a girl in a yellow dress playing shuffleboard.
Four women are standing on a colorful stage.
They gyrate and move side to side, belly dancing.
A woman in a brown dress is talking.
The woman in the black shirt is mixing a paste together in a bowl.
The women give each other a kiss on the cheek.
The individual uses a knife to cut the lemons.
The individual mixes some water into the mug.
The individual squeezes lemons into the mug.
The individual mixes the contents of the mug.
The person pokes holds in the dough and then paints all over the sides of the cake.
In the end she shows off the finished cake.
Paint is applied to a brush and the man puts a first coat onto the bare cabinet.
The man pours out a clear liquid and washes off his brush with it.
The athlete in orange top ran towards the mat, then did a high jump and he was able to go over the pole and landed on the mat.
The athlete picked up the stick and did another high jump.
A person is seen bending over a floor placing tiles down over the plaster.
A close up of a person's hands are seen followed by a man walking into frame.
The man is seen holding an instrument and begins to play.
A person in a gym describes how to use a machine on your knees.
The man pulls the bar and shows the proper technique.
A group of people take a rest having some drinks.
After, people sail down the river drinking from cans.
A man swing holding a rope attached to a tree.
Again, people take a rest while drinking, after they continue sailing on the boats.
She jumps, then does the splits.
She flips several times before dismounting.
He holds onto the sail of the board.
Another man in a black wet suit stands in the water.
A boat passed by behind him.
She walks beside the sidewalk, looking at the equipment.
The camera then zooms in on the dog showing its tail, back, and head.
The dog's face is then being held by the person who bathed him, and the camera zooms in again to show the dog sticking his tongue out.
Two reporters talk in a TV set.
Girls talk in a beach, then girls spray sunscreen on the back of women, also a woman wearing a white coat talks and shows products.
After, a man sprays sunscreen on his arm and back, other people spray sunscreen on their legs.
Two girls are in the kitchen washing dishes.
He picks up a sharpener and sharpens the blade of the knife on the sharpener.
The girl holds the cats paw in her left hand.
The cat groomer squeezes the cats paw and proceeds to clip the cats nails.
A man wearing a green knit cap drives up to the camera on a lawn tractor.
The man stops the tractor and gets out of the lawn tractor and walks up to the camera.
The camera pans across the yard and takes a close up of a leaf blower laying the yard.
The man in the green knit cap tries twice and the leaf blower starts.
The girl in the blue jacket mounts the leaf blower on her back and begins to blow leafs around.
The man in the green knit cap is using the leaf blower and the girl in the blue jacket is now driving the lawn tractor.
A boy is running around a kitchen, dancing as he mops.
He shows the proper technique and form.
A player gives another player a high five.
A man in a hat stands on the field.
A woman takes a swing chair to the side of the backyard.
A boy stands watching the woman.
They vacuum up what they drilled with a hose.
People are then shown playing soccer in a game.
Then you use it to wash the mirror wrong back and forth and all around.
A large group of people are shown from several shots walking around as well as divers jumping off a drive.
More shots of athletes and audiences are shown as well as people being interviewed on the camera.
A hand is shown hovering over assorted cutlery.
The hand picks up a wooden mallet.
The man picks up a croquet hammer and a ball.
The man and his clone engage in a game of croquet.
A close up of the man's face is shown.
The man uses the croquet mallet to shoot a laser at his clown.
The man is using two ropes, he's maneuvering the kite with both hands.
A man at a beach is doing body weight calisthenics on two metal parallel bars.
He does leg raises and as his legs become parallel with the bars he does leg splits and then stops.
Then he is back on the bars doing the exercise again.
The skier ski at the side of the water, ski down the sloped, jumping on the edges.
A stove is shown with a skillet on an eye with a flame.
A chef is then visible and begins stirring a liquid in a pot and cooks something else in another skillet and it eventually begins to catch on fire.
A title screen appears in black with white letters explaining the video and the tattoo artists name.
The tattoo artist is setting up her inks and papers for the session she is about to have.
She peels the transfer paper off the client's back revealing the art.
In a progression of 12 sessions shows a visual timeline of how the entire back piece for the client comes out as it shows her inking the clients entire back with artwork.
There are several still pictures of the client, the tattoo artists and others posing as the client shows the complete tattoo on his back.
man is showing how to holds the gun in a paintball field.
Two people are sitting at a table.
There are words shown on the screen.
They are shown riding different kinds of elliptical and ARC trainers at both fast and slow speeds.
Then he shows how to use an iron to iron the shirt smoothly.
man is cleaning the wheels with a bottle spray.
We then see the title screen.
The man talks and we see people riding BMX bikes.
We see two bright intro screens.
The woman puts her hair up in the same style herself.
He gets off the bike and puts his helmet down on it.
He starts the motorcycle and goes away, next the woman stops the motorcycle when she gets near a car and she changes the clothes she has on and gets back on her motorcycle.
The woman turns the hand up and tap with the finger, then the woman continues palying.
A person wearing gloves is seen taking items out of a sink and pouring liquid all around the sides.
After, the young woman practice alone bouncing a ball.
A large group of people are seen standing around a track with one holding a large pole and running down the track.
Several more clips are shown of people pole volting over a beam as well as again in slow motion.
Very short scenes of athletes training in various sports are shown.
Scenes of the man playing tennis are shown, interspersed with short clips of the man talking, while text overlay explains tennis.
The lady then perform her high jump and stands and jumps and pumps her arms.
We then see the ending title screen.
A man wearing a number on his uniform walks to a plate, preparing himself.
He walks away, then it is shown again in slow motion.
The lady is looking upward but starts to look down as she scrapes.
A close up of a sign is shown followed by the camera capturing many guitars on shelves around him.
A man is seen sitting down playing an accordion  and pauses to speak to the camera and show off the instrument he is holding.
He continues playing more while smiling to the camera and pauses to speak more and hold onto his instrument.
A small group of people are seen swimming around a pool chasing a ball around each other.
One catches the ball and continues to play around the pool.
He flips the painting around.
A man talks to the camera while another man stands by.
The first man resumes talking to the camera.
Several young men play a game on a Foosball table.
A new player arrives, who is a much older man amd plays a game with the younger men.
The older man high-fives a younger player.
A girl in a purple shirt enjoys her time at the playground.
As she approaches the other side a young boy is climbing up.
She reaches the other side and steps onto the platform.
A man is diving deep into the ocean.
He looks back momentarily at the camera.
The man then puts one last screw on and tightens it with a belt.
A close up of ingredients in shown followed by a person cracking an egg and preparing a fryer.
The man moves around the pan on the hot stoves followed by putting the egg in the pan.
A black elliptical is shown and a woman dressed in red workout clothes gets on it and starts to exercise.
She gets on the bar and begins her performance, taking her time with her moves doing incredible flips forwards and backwards and landing perfectly on the bar.
She is pretty amazing, her continues on very gracefully and beautifully.
Then, the woman talks a toothbrush and brushes the red shoe.
A large snowy area is seen followed by a person pushing a shovel.
The person continues shoveling while the camera captures them from behind.
Several shots are shown of a roof as well as the men laying down paper and pushing liquid all over the roof.
A man holding a man throws it towards a group of kids.
in turn, those kids start throwing many balls back in his direction.
men are wrapping a gift in a small room.
men are playing rugby in a field in the night.
men start wraping the gift and using some plastic tape.
Two bulky men, wearing black top are standing on the table, they put their arms on the table and positioned themselves in an armwrestle match.
A group of 8 people are wearing helmets and life vests as they are riding a raft in very rough white waters.
More people are struggling in the water, one is sitting on the upside down raft,and three others are in the rough waters and are also struggling to keep their heads afloat and not bang into rocks.
One of the men then grabs his jacket and leaves.
Two men play table tennis while several other individuals watch in the background.
A man in red and yellow shorts walks into frame and watches the game.
An individual in the back of the room leaves.
A man dressed in black walks past the foreground.
The man in red and yellow shorts walks past the foreground.
An old man talks front a fence and he touches it.
A man is seen sitting in a bumper car and begins driving around.
Several people are riding around in the cars bumping into one another.
A dog is in a tub, being sprayed with soap before being rubbed down, and finally, rinsed clean.
A closing image shows additional information about the wash.
The camera shows a man holding a stick to record himself skating quickly down a long hill.
The man then begins to move quickly.
The man turns to the right and continues, then turns forward.
A lady joins the man in the room.
The screen goes black and the ending title loads.
A person snowboard on a steep mountain going down without falling.
A man flips in the air, then lands on the snow to continue skiing down the mountain with deep snow.
After, men continues snowboard on the high mountain with deep snow.
Two of his friends are watching while recording on their phone.
His friends applaud his playing.
An adult came and start to cut grass with the kid.
The man continues stuffing leads into a bag as well as raking leaves all around the yard.
She talks as she continues to knit.
A man is seen sitting before a large mat with another person laying in the background.
A red title screen is shown where a man is tossing food in a frying pan.
The a male and female are shown on a television production stage behind an island with cooking ingredients.
a racatac is shown in a white room.
different racatacs in sizes and models are shown in a room.
A woman is inside a building and outside.
We see several scenes of a woman pulling a bow back from an archery set.
She lights a candle in a room.
They all begin knitting sitting next to each other.
He chews and licks his paw as he cuddles.
He looks up at the camera slightly.
A young child is seen jumping on a set of monkey bars and moving along the bars.
A camera pans around several shots of a mountain and shows people strapping rope onto themselves.
